## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E>E</a> 
<font size=3>
E, or e, is the fifth letter and the second vowel letter in the Latin alphabet, used in the modern English alphabet, the alphabets of other western European languages and others worldwide. 　Its name in English is e (pronounced /ˈiː/); plural ees, Es or E's. 　It is the most commonly used letter in many languages, including Czech, Danish, Dutch, English, French, German, Hungarian, Latin, Latvian, Norwegian, Spanish, and Swedish.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>E</b> | i: | n. the base of the natural system of logarithms; approximately equal to 2.718282...<br>n. the 5th letter of the Roman alphabet | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E>[计] 元件, 部件, 元素, 误差, 执行, 表达式, 指数</a> |  |  | 3.28
<b>second</b> | 'sekәnd | n. 1/60 of a minute; the basic unit of time adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites<br>n. following the first in an ordering or series<br>n. a 60th part of a minute of arc<br>n. the official attendant of a contestant in a duel or boxing match | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second>n. 秒, 瞬间, 第二名, 支持者, 助手<br>a. 第二的, 其次的, 次要的, 附加的, 辅助的<br>num. 第二<br>vt. 当...助手, 支持</a> |  |  | 3.28
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Second>Second</a> 
<font size=3>
The second (symbol: s) is the unit of time in the International System of Units (SI), historically defined as 1⁄86400 of a day – this factor derived from the division of the day first into 24 hours, then to 60 minutes and finally to 60 seconds each (24 × 60 × 60 = 86400). 　The current and formal definition in the International System of Units (SI) is more precise: The second [...] is defined by taking the fixed numerical value of the caesium frequency, ΔνCs, the unperturbed ground-state hyperfine transition frequency of the caesium 133 atom, to be 9192631770 when expressed in the unit Hz, which is equal to s−1. 　This current definition was adopted in 1967 when it became feasible to define the second based on fundamental properties of nature with caesium clocks. 　Because the speed of Earth's rotation varies and is slowing ever so slightly, a leap second is added at irregular intervals to civil time to keep clocks in sync with Earth's rotation.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>symbol</b> | 'simbl | n. an arbitrary sign (written or printed) that has acquired a conventional significance<br>n. something visible that by association or convention represents something else that is invisible | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/symbol>n. 符号, 象征, 代号, 信条<br>[计] 符号; 码元</a> | sym- |  | 4.68
<b>unit</b> | 'ju:nit | n. an individual or group or structure or other entity regarded as a structural or functional constituent of a whole<br>n. an organization regarded as part of a larger social group<br>n. a single undivided whole<br>n. a single undivided natural thing occurring in the composition of something else | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unit>n. 单位, 分队, 部队, 单元, 部件, 装置<br>a. 单位的, 单元的<br>[计] 单元常数; 部件</a> | uni |  | 4.06
<b>international</b> | .intә'næʃәnәl | n. any of several international socialist organizations<br>a. concerning or belonging to all or at least two or more nations | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international>a. 国际的<br>n. 国别设定<br>[计] 国别设定</a> | inter- |  | 3.51
<b>system</b> | 'sistәm | n. instrumentality that combines interrelated interacting artifacts designed to work as a coherent entity<br>n. a group of independent but interrelated elements comprising a unified whole<br>n. (physical chemistry) a sample of matter in which substances in different phases are in equilibrium<br>n. a complex of methods or rules governing behavior | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/system>n. 系统, 体系, 制度, 方式, 秩序, 分类原则<br>[计] 系统; 体制; 体系</a> |  |  | 3.43
<b>SI</b> | si: | n a tetravalent nonmetallic element; next to oxygen it is the most abundant element in the earth's crust; occurs in clay and feldspar and granite and quartz and sand; used as a semiconductor in transistors<br>n a complete metric system of units of measurement for scientists; fundamental quantities are length (meter) and mass (kilogram) and time (second) and electric current (ampere) and temperature (kelvin) and amount of matter (mole) and luminous intensity (candela)<br>n the syllable naming the seventh (subtonic) note of any musical scale in solmization | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SI>[计] 国际单位制, 串行接口, 移入<br>[医] 硅(14号元素,旧名矽)</a> |  |  | 4.81
<b>historically</b> | his'tɔrikәli | r. throughout history<br>r. with respect to history | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/historically>adv. 历史上地；从历史观点上说</a> |  |  | 4.74
<b>defined</b> | di'faind | a. clearly characterized or delimited<br>s. showing clearly the outline or profile or boundary | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/defined>a. 清晰的, 轮廓分明的；有定义的, 确定的</a> |  | define | 4.21
<b>day</b> | dei | n. time for Earth to make a complete rotation on its axis<br>n. some point or period in time<br>n. a day assigned to a particular purpose or observance<br>n. the time after sunrise and before sunset while it is light outside | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/day>n. 天, 日子, 白天, 工作日<br>[医] 日(一昼夜), 昼, 白天</a> |  |  | 3.35
<b>factor</b> | 'fæktә | n. anything that contributes causally to a result<br>n. any of the numbers (or symbols) that form a product when multiplied together<br>n. an independent variable in statistics<br>v. resolve into factors | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/factor>n. 因素, 因数, 系数, 基因, 代理人<br>[计] 因式</a> |  |  | 4.34
<b>division</b> | di'viʒәn | n. an army unit large enough to sustain combat<br>n. the act or process of dividing<br>n. an administrative unit in government or business<br>n. discord that splits a group | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/division>n. 分, 分开, 除法, 部门(如部、处、系等), 师<br>[计] 部分</a> | divid, divis |  | 3.72
<b>then</b> | ðen | n. that time; that moment<br>s. at a specific prior time<br>r. subsequently or soon afterward (often used as sentence connectors)<br>r. in that case or as a consequence | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/then>adv. 然后, 当时<br>conj. 然后, 当时<br>n. 那时</a> |  |  | 2.98
<b>finally</b> | 'fainәli | r. after an unspecified period of time or an especially long delay | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finally>adv. 最后, 终于</a> |  |  | 3.81
<b>each</b> | i:tʃ | s. (used of count nouns) every one considered individually<br>r. to or from every one of two or more (considered individually) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/each>a. 每个, 每一<br>adv. 每个<br>pron. 每个, 个人, 各自</a> |  |  | 3.34
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Day>Day</a> 
<font size=3>
A day is the time period of a full rotation of the Earth with respect to the Sun. 　On average, this is 24 hours, 1440 minutes, or 86,400 seconds. 　In everyday life, the word "day" often refers to a solar day, which is the length between two solar noons or times the Sun reaches the highest point. 　The word "day" may also refer to daytime, a time period when the location receives direct and indirect sunlight. 　On Earth, as a location passes through its day, it experiences morning, noon, afternoon, evening, and night. 　The effect of a day is vital to many life processes, which is called the circadian rhythm. 　A collection of sequential days is organized into calendars as dates, almost always into weeks, months and years. 　Most calendars' arrangement of dates use either or both the Sun with its four seasons (solar calendar) or the Moon's phasing (lunar calendar). 　The start of a day is commonly accepted as roughly the time of the middle of the night or midnight, written as 00:00 or 12:00 am in 24- or 12-hour clocks, respectively. 　Because the time of midnight varies between locations, time zones are set up to facilitate the use of a uniform standard time. 　Midnight is not the only convention used to determine the start of a new day. 　Other defining moments have been used throughout history, and some are used even today, such as with the Jewish religious calendar, which counts days from sunset to sunset, so the Jewish Sabbath begins at sundown on Friday. 　Astronomers also have a convention where their day begins at high noon. 　This way, all of their observations throughout a single night are recorded as happening on the same day. 　This method removes ambiguity of a particular observation happening on a calendar day, eliminating the need to further determine which night it happened on. 　Because when using midnight as the start of day, each calendar day is associated with two separate night periods. 　In specific applications, the definition of a day is slightly modified, such as in the ISQ day (exactly 86,400 seconds) used for computers and standards keeping, local mean time accounting of the Earth's natural fluctuation of a solar day, and stellar day and sidereal day (using the celestial sphere) used for astronomy. 　In most countries outside of the tropics, daylight saving time is practiced, and each year there will be one 23-hour civil day and one 25-hour civil day. 　Due to slight variations in the rotation of the Earth, there are rare times when a leap second will get inserted at the end of a UTC day, and so while almost all days have a duration of 86,400 seconds, there are these exceptional cases of a day with 86,401 seconds (in the half-century spanning 1972 through 2022, there have been a total of 27 leap seconds that have been inserted, so roughly once every other year).
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>full</b> | ful | v. beat for the purpose of cleaning and thickening<br>v. make (a garment) fuller by pleating or gathering<br>a. containing as much or as many as is possible or normal<br>s. complete in extent or degree and in every particular | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/full>n. 全部, 完整<br>a. 充满的, 完全的, 丰富的, 完美的, 丰满的, 详尽的<br>adv. 完全地, 整整, 十分<br>vt. 把(衣服等)缝得宽松, 漂洗<br>[计] 完整</a> |  |  | 3.68
<b>rotation</b> | rәu'teiʃәn | n. the act of rotating as if on an axis<br>n. (mathematics) a transformation in which the coordinate axes are rotated by a fixed angle about the origin<br>n. a single complete turn (axial or orbital) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rotation>n. 旋转, 循环, 轮流<br>[计] 旋转</a> |  |  | 4.68
<b>with</b> | wið | n. See Withe.<br>prep. With denotes or expresses some situation or relation of<br> nearness, proximity, association, connection, or the like.<br>prep. To denote a close or direct relation of opposition or<br> hostility; -- equivalent to against.<br>prep. To denote association in respect of situation or<br> environment; hence, among; in the company of.<br>prep. To denote a connection of friendship, support, alliance,<br> assistance, countenance, etc.; hence, on the side of.<br>prep. To denote the accomplishment of cause, means, instrument,<br> etc; -- sometimes equivalent to by.<br>prep. To denote association in thought, as for comparison or<br> contrast.<br>prep. To denote simultaneous happening, or immediate succession<br> or consequence.<br>prep. To denote having as a possession or an appendage; as, the<br> firmament with its stars; a bride with a large fortune. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/with>prep. 和...在一起, 以, 由于</a> |  |  | 2.21
<b>respect</b> | ri'spekt | n. (usually preceded by `in') a detail or point<br>n. an attitude of admiration or esteem<br>v. regard highly; think much of<br>v. show respect towards | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/respect>n. 尊敬, 尊重, 问候<br>vt. 尊敬, 注意, 遵守</a> | re- |  | 4.21
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Film>Film</a> 
<font size=3>
A film – also called a movie, motion picture, moving picture, picture, photoplay or (slang) flick – is a work of visual art that simulates experiences and otherwise communicates ideas, stories, perceptions, feelings, beauty, or atmosphere through the use of moving images. 　These images are generally accompanied by sound and, more rarely, other sensory stimulations. 　The word "cinema", short for cinematography, is often used to refer to filmmaking and the film industry, and to the art form that is the result of it.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>film</b> | film | n. a medium that disseminates moving pictures<br>n. photographic material consisting of a base of celluloid covered with a photographic emulsion; used to make negatives or transparencies<br>n. a thin coating or layer<br>n. a thin sheet of (usually plastic and usually transparent) material used to wrap or cover things | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/film>n. 软片, 薄膜, 胶卷, 电影<br>vt. 覆以薄膜, 拍摄<br>vi. 生薄膜, 拍电影</a> |  |  | 3.35
<b>also</b> | 'ɒ:lsәu | r in addition | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/also>adv. 也, 并且, 同样地</a> |  |  | 2.80
<b>movie</b> | 'mu:vi | n. a form of entertainment that enacts a story by sound and a sequence of images giving the illusion of continuous movement | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/movie>n. 电影</a> |  |  | 4.19
<b>motion</b> | 'mәuʃәn | n. a change of position that does not entail a change of location<br>n. a state of change<br>n. a formal proposal for action made to a deliberative assembly for discussion and vote<br>n. the act of changing location from one place to another | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/motion>n. 移动, 手势, 动作, 意向, 请求, 提议<br>v. 打手势</a> |  |  | 4.19
<b>picture</b> | 'piktʃә | n. a visual representation (of an object or scene or person or abstraction) produced on a surface<br>n. a situation treated as an observable object<br>n. illustrations used to decorate or explain a text<br>n. a typical example of some state or quality | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/picture>n. 图画, 照片, 景色, 美丽如画的人(或物), 化身, 生动的描述, 想像, 形象思维<br>vt. 画, 拍摄, 用图说明, 描写, 想像<br>[计] 图象; 形象; 字形</a> | -ure |  | 4.27
<b>photoplay</b> | 'fәutәuplei |  | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/photoplay>n. 电影剧本, 故事影片</a> |  |  | 6.76
<b>slang</b> | slæŋ | n. informal language consisting of words and expressions that are not considered appropriate for formal occasions; often vituperative or vulgar<br>n. a characteristic language of a particular group (as among thieves)<br>v. use slang or vulgar language<br>v. abuse with coarse language | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slang>n. 俚语<br>v. 辱骂, 用俚语说</a> |  |  | 5.55
<b>flick</b> | flik | n. a light sharp contact (usually with something flexible)<br>n. a short stroke<br>v. look through a book or other written material<br>v. twitch or flutter | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flick>n. 快速的轻打, 轻打声, 弹开<br>v. 轻弹, 轻轻拂去, 忽然摇动</a> |  |  | 5.47
<b>work</b> | wә:k | n. activity directed toward making or doing something<br>n. a product produced or accomplished through the effort or activity or agency of a person or thing<br>n. (physics) a manifestation of energy; the transfer of energy from one physical system to another expressed as the product of a force and the distance through which it moves a body in the direction of that force<br>v. exert oneself by doing mental or physical work for a purpose or out of necessity | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/work>n. 工作, 劳动, 职业, 行为, 功, 作品, 成果, 产品, 工程<br>vi. 工作, 劳动, 做, 运转, 起作用, 被加工<br>vt. 使工作, 使转动, 开动, 使用, 经营, 使逐渐变得, 造成</a> |  |  | 3.28
<b>visual</b> | 'viʒuәl | a relating to or using sight<br>s visible; give me the ocular proof"- Shakespeare | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visual>a. 视觉的<br>[医] 视觉的, 视力的, 视觉性记忆优势者</a> | -al2, -ial, -ual |  | 4.41
<b>art</b> | ɑ:t | n. the products of human creativity; works of art collectively<br>n. the creation of beautiful or significant things<br>n. a superior skill that you can learn by study and practice and observation | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/art>n. 艺术, 人文科学, 技术, 巧妙, 诡计, 美术<br>[计] 实际保持时间, 特许权和资源表, 平均检索时间, 平均运行时间</a> |  |  | 3.64
<b>simulates</b> | ˈsimjuleits | v reproduce someone's behavior or looks<br>v create a representation or model of<br>v make a pretence of | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/simulates>v. 假装( simulate的第三人称单数 ); 模仿; （用计算机或模型等）模拟</a> |  | simulate | 6.10
<b>experiences</b> | iksˈpiəriənsiz | n the accumulation of knowledge or skill that results from direct participation in events or activities<br>n the content of direct observation or participation in an event<br>n an event as apprehended<br>v go or live through<br>v have firsthand knowledge of states, situations, emotions, or sensations<br>v go through (mental or physical states or experiences)<br>v undergo an emotional sensation or be in a particular state of mind<br>v undergo | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/experiences>n. 经历( experience的名词复数 ); 经验; 亲身经历; 传统</a> |  | experience | 4.64
<b>communicates</b> | kəˈmju:nikeits | v transmit information<br>v transmit thoughts or feelings<br>v transfer to another<br>v join or connect<br>v be in verbal contact; interchange information or ideas<br>v administer Communion; in church<br>v receive Communion, in the Catholic church | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/communicates>v. 传达, 表达( communicate的第三人称单数 ); 通讯; 交际; 相连</a> |  | communicate | 5.95
<b>perceptions</b> | pɚ'sɛpʃən | n. the representation of what is perceived; basic component in the formation of a concept<br>n. a way of conceiving something<br>n. the process of perceiving | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/perceptions>n. 感知（能力）( perception的复数形式 ); 觉察（力）; 认识; 观念</a> |  | perception | 5.54
<b>beauty</b> | 'bju:ti | n. the qualities that give pleasure to the senses<br>n. an outstanding example of its kind | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/beauty>n. 美, 美人</a> |  |  | 4.49
<b>atmosphere</b> | 'ætmәsfiә | n. a particular environment or surrounding influence<br>n. the mass of air surrounding the Earth<br>n. the weather or climate at some place<br>n. the envelope of gases surrounding any celestial body | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atmosphere>n. 大气, 空气, 气氛<br>[医] 大气; 大气压</a> | spher, -sphere |  | 4.69
<b>use</b> | ju:s | n. the act of using<br>n. a particular service<br>n. (law) the exercise of the legal right to enjoy the benefits of owning property<br>v. put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/use>n. 使用, 习惯, 使用价值, 用法, 使用权<br>vt. 使用, 利用, 运用, 耗费<br>vi. 惯常</a> |  |  | 3.41
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Still>Still</a> 
<font size=3>
A still is an apparatus used to distill liquid mixtures by heating to selectively boil and then cooling to condense the vapor. 　It still uses the same concepts as a basic distillation apparatus, but on a much larger scale. 　Stills have been used to produce perfume and medicine, water for injection (WFI) for pharmaceutical use, generally to separate and purify different chemicals, and to produce distilled beverages containing ethanol.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>still</b> | stil | n. a static photograph (especially one taken from a movie and used for advertising purposes)<br>n. an apparatus used for the distillation of liquids; consists of a vessel in which a substance is vaporized by heat and a condenser where the vapor is condensed<br>v. lessen the intensity of or calm<br>v. make motionless | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/still>n. 蒸馏室, 寂静, 剧照<br>v. 蒸馏, (使)平静, (使)静止<br>a. 静止的, 不动的, 静寂的, 不起泡的, 静物摄影的<br>adv. 仍然, 更, 静止地<br>conj. 然而, 但是</a> |  |  | 3.35
<b>apparatus</b> | .æpә'reitәs | n. equipment designed to serve a specific function<br>n. (anatomy) a group of body parts that work together to perform a given function | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/apparatus>n. 装置, 器具, 器官<br>[化] 仪器; 器械</a> |  |  | 5.19
<b>distill</b> | dis'til | v. undergo the process of distillation<br>v. extract by the process of distillation<br>v. give off (a liquid) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/distill>vt. 蒸馏<br>vi. 滴下</a> |  |  | 6.45
<b>heating</b> | 'hi:tiŋ | n. the process of becoming warmer; a rising temperature | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heating>n. 加热, 供热, 暖气设备, 供暖系统, 暖气装置<br>a. 加热的, 供暖的</a> |  | heat | 4.90
<b>boil</b> | bɒil | n. a painful sore with a hard core filled with pus<br>v. come to the boiling point and change from a liquid to vapor<br>v. immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid, often for cooking purposes<br>v. bring to, or maintain at, the boiling point | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boil>n. 煮沸, 沸腾, 疖<br>v. 煮沸, 激动</a> |  |  | 5.65
<b>cooling</b> | 'ku:liŋ | n. the process of becoming cooler; a falling temperature | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cooling>n. 冷却<br>a. 冷却的<br>[计] 冷却</a> |  | cool | 4.87
<b>condense</b> | kәn'dens | v. undergo condensation; change from a gaseous to a liquid state and fall in drops<br>v. remove water from<br>v. cause a gas or vapor to change into a liquid<br>v. become more compact or concentrated | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/condense>vt. 使浓缩, 使压缩, 缩短<br>vi. 浓缩, 凝结</a> |  |  | 6.27
<b>vapor</b> | 'veipә | n. a visible suspension in the air of particles of some substance | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vapor>n. 汽, 蒸气<br>vi. 蒸发<br>vt. 使蒸发</a> |  |  | 5.36
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Head>Head</a> 
<font size=3>
A head is the part of an organism which usually includes the ears, brain, forehead, cheeks, chin, eyes, nose, and mouth, each of which aid in various sensory functions such as sight, hearing, smell, and taste. 　Some very simple animals may not have a head, but many bilaterally symmetric forms do, regardless of size. 　Heads develop in animals by an evolutionary trend known as cephalization. 　In bilaterally symmetrical animals, nervous tissue concentrate at the anterior region, forming structures responsible for information processing. 　Through biological evolution, sense organs and feeding structures also concentrate into the anterior region; these collectively form the head.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>head</b> | hed | n. the upper part of the human body or the front part of the body in animals; contains the face and brains<br>n. a single domestic animal<br>n. a person who is in charge<br>n. the front of a military formation or procession | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/head>n. 头, 头脑, 领袖, 脑袋, 最前的部分<br>vt. 为首, 朝向, 前进, 用头顶<br>vi. 朝特定方向行进, (作物)结穗<br>a. 头的, 在顶端的, 主要的<br>[计] 磁头; 冲头</a> |  |  | 3.35
<b>part</b> | pɑ:t | n. something determined in relation to something that includes it<br>n. something less than the whole of a human artifact<br>n. a portion of a natural object<br>n. that which concerns a person with regard to a particular role or situation | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/part>n. 部分, 局部, 零件, 要素, 等分, 职责, 角色, 部位<br>vt. 分开, 分离, 断绝, 区别, 分配<br>vi. 分开, 断裂, 分手<br>a. 部分的, 局部的<br>adv. 部分地, 有些</a> |  |  | 3.25
<b>organism</b> | 'ɒ:gәnizm | n. a living thing that has (or can develop) the ability to act or function independently<br>n. a system considered analogous in structure or function to a living body | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/organism>n. 生物, 有机体, 社会组织<br>[医] 生物[体],[有]机体</a> |  |  | 5.30
<b>brain</b> | brein | n. that part of the central nervous system that includes all the higher nervous centers; enclosed within the skull; continuous with the spinal cord<br>n. mental ability<br>n. the brain of certain animals used as meat<br>v. hit on the head | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brain>n. 脑<br>vt. 打碎脑部</a> |  |  | 4.33
<b>forehead</b> | 'fɒ:rid | n the part of the face above the eyes<br>n the large cranial bone forming the front part of the cranium: includes the upper part of the orbits | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/forehead>n. 额, 前额, 前部<br>[医] 额</a> | fore- |  | 4.70
<b>chin</b> | tʃin | n. the protruding part of the lower jaw<br>v. raise oneself while hanging from one's hands until one's chin is level with the support bar | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chin>n. 下巴, 颏<br>[医] 颏</a> |  |  | 4.63
<b>nose</b> | nәuz | n. the organ of smell and entrance to the respiratory tract; the prominent part of the face of man or other mammals<br>n. a front that resembles a human nose (especially the front of an aircraft)<br>n. the front or forward projection of a tool or weapon<br>n. a small distance | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nose>n. 鼻子, 突出部分, 嗅觉<br>vt. 嗅到, 探出, 用鼻子触<br>vi. 闻, 嗅, 探听, 告密</a> |  |  | 4.46
<b>mouth</b> | mauθ | n. the opening through which food is taken in and vocalizations emerge<br>n. the externally visible part of the oral cavity on the face and the system of organs surrounding the opening<br>n. an opening that resembles a mouth (as of a cave or a gorge)<br>n. the point where a stream issues into a larger body of water | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mouth>n. 嘴, 口, 口腔, 口状物<br>vi. 装腔作势说话, 做鬼脸<br>vt. 说出, 做作地说</a> |  |  | 3.92
<b>aid</b> | eid | n. a resource<br>n. the activity of contributing to the fulfillment of a need or furtherance of an effort or purpose<br>n. money to support a worthy person or cause | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aid>n. 帮助, 外援, 助手<br>vt. 援助, 帮助, 有助于<br>vi. 帮助<br>[计] 自动内部诊断</a> |  |  | 4.39
<b>various</b> | 'vєәriәs | s of many different kinds purposefully arranged but lacking any uniformity<br>s considered individually<br>s distinctly dissimilar or unlike<br>s having great diversity or variety | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/various>a. 不同的, 各种的, 多方面的, 许多的, 个别的, 杂色的<br>[法] 不同的, 种种的, 各式各样的</a> |  |  | 3.70
<b>sensory</b> | 'sensәri | a. involving or derived from the senses | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sensory>a. 知觉的, 感觉的, 传递感觉的<br>[医] 感觉的</a> | -ory, -atory2 |  | 5.34
<b>such</b> | sʌtʃ | s. of so extreme a degree or extent<br>r. to so extreme a degree | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/such>a. 如此的, 这样的</a> |  |  | 3.11
<b>sight</b> | sait | n. an instance of visual perception<br>n. anything that is seen<br>n. the ability to see; the visual faculty<br>n. a range of mental vision | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sight>n. 景观, 视力, 眼界, 阅读, 见解, 意见<br>vt. 看见, 瞄准<br>vi. 瞄准, 观看<br>a. 即席的, 见票即付的</a> |  |  | 4.34
<b>hearing</b> | 'hiәriŋ | n. (law) a proceeding (usually by a court) where evidence is taken for the purpose of determining an issue of fact and reaching a decision based on that evidence<br>n. an opportunity to state your case and be heard<br>n. a session (of a committee or grand jury) in which witnesses are called and testimony is taken<br>n. the ability to hear; the auditory faculty | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hearing>n. 听, 听觉, 听讯<br>[医] 听, 听觉</a> |  | hear | 4.45
<b>smell</b> | smel | n. the sensation that results when olfactory receptors in the nose are stimulated by particular chemicals in gaseous form<br>n. the faculty that enables us to distinguish scents<br>n. the act of perceiving the odor of something<br>v. inhale the odor of; perceive by the olfactory sense | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/smell>n. 味道, 气味, 嗅觉, 嗅, 臭味, 气息<br>vt. 闻, 探出, 察觉, 发出...的气味<br>vi. 嗅, 散发气味, 发臭</a> |  |  | 4.63
<b>taste</b> | teist | n. the sensation that results when taste buds in the tongue and throat convey information about the chemical composition of a soluble stimulus<br>n. delicate discrimination (especially of aesthetic values)<br>n. a brief experience of something<br>n. a small amount eaten or drunk | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/taste>n. 味道, 品味, 味觉, 感受, 体验, 爱好, 审美, 少量<br>vt. 尝, 察觉...的味道, 体会<br>vi. 品尝, 察觉味道, 有某种味道</a> |  |  | 4.61
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Head_(hydrology)>Head (hydrology)</a> 
<font size=3>
In hydrology, the head is the point on a watercourse up to which it has been artificially broadened and/or raised by an impoundment. 　Above the head of the reservoir natural conditions prevail; below it the water level above the riverbed has been raised by the impoundment and its flow rate reduced, unless and until banks, barrages, weir sluices or dams are overcome (overtopped), whereby a less frictional than natural course will exist (mid-level and surface rather than bed and bank currents) resulting in flash flooding below. 　In principle, a distinction must be drawn between the head of a reservoir impounded by a dam, and the head of a works resulting from a barrage or canal locks.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>hydrology</b> | hai'drɒlәdʒi | n. the branch of geology that studies water on the earth and in the atmosphere: its distribution and uses and conservation | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hydrology>n. 水文学<br>[医] 水文学</a> |  |  | 6.20
<b>point</b> | pɒint | n. a geometric element that has position but no extension<br>n. the precise location of something; a spatially limited location<br>n. a brief version of the essential meaning of something<br>n. an instant of time | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/point>n. 点, 小数点, 标点, 地点, 要点, 特点, 尖端, 分数, 得分, 穴位<br>vt. 弄尖, 强调, 指出, 加标点于, 瞄准<br>vi. 指, 指向, 表明</a> |  |  | 3.59
<b>on</b> | ɒn | a. in operation or operational<br>a. (of events) planned or scheduled<br>r. indicates continuity or persistence or concentration<br>r. in a state required for something to function or be effective | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/on>prep. 在...之上<br>adv. ...上去<br>a. 正起作用的<br>[计] 打开</a> |  |  | 2.21
<b>watercourse</b> | 'wɒtәkɒ:s | n. natural or artificial channel through which water flows<br>n. a conduit through which water flows | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/watercourse>n. 水道, 河道<br>[法] 水流权, 河流, 水路</a> |  |  | 6.21
<b>has</b> | hæz | n (astronomy) the angular distance of a celestial point measured westward along the celestial equator from the zenith crossing; the right ascension for an observer at a particular location and time of day<br>v have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense<br>v have as a feature<br>v go through (mental or physical states or experiences)<br>v have ownership or possession of<br>v cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition<br>v serve oneself to, or consume regularly<br>v have a personal or business relationship with someone<br>v organize or be responsible for<br>v have left<br>v be confronted with<br>v undergo<br>v suffer from; be ill with<br>v cause to do; cause to act in a specified manner<br>v receive willingly something given or offered<br>v get something; come into possession of<br>v undergo (as of injuries and illnesses)<br>v achieve a point or goal<br>v cause to be born<br>v have sex with; archaic use | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/has>have的第三人称单数现在式</a> |  | ha | 2.81
<b>been</b> | bi:n | v have the quality of being; (copula, used with an adjective or a predicate noun)<br>v be identical to; be someone or something<br>v occupy a certain position or area; be somewhere<br>v have an existence, be extant<br>v happen, occur, take place; this was during the visit to my parents' house"<br>v be identical or equivalent to<br>v form or compose<br>v work in a specific place, with a specific subject, or in a specific function<br>v represent, as of a character on stage<br>v spend or use time<br>v have life, be alive<br>v to remain unmolested, undisturbed, or uninterrupted -- used only in infinitive form<br>v be priced at | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/been>be的过去分词</a> |  | be | 2.84
<b>artificially</b> | .ɑ:ti'fiʃәli | r. not according to nature; not by natural means | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/artificially>adv. 人工地, 人为地, 不自然地</a> |  |  | 5.67
<b>broadened</b> | ˈbrɔ:dnd | v make broader<br>v extend in scope or range or area<br>v vary in order to spread risk or to expand<br>v become broader | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/broadened>v. 使…变宽, 扩展( broaden的过去式和过去分词 ); 增长（经验、知识等）</a> |  | broaden | 5.73
<b>raised</b> | reizd | a. located or moved above the surround or above the normal position<br>s. increased in amount or degree | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/raised>a. 凸起的, 浮雕的, 发酵的<br>[医] 隆起的</a> |  | raise | 4.03
<b>impoundment</b> | im'paundmәnt | n. placing private property in the custody of an officer of the law | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/impoundment>[法] 扣押, 保管</a> |  |  | 6.53
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Head_(geology)>Head (geology)</a> 
<font size=3>
Head describes deposits consisting of fragmented material which, following weathering, have moved downslope through a process of solifluction. 　The term has been used by British geologists since the middle of the 19th century to describe such material in a range of different settings from flat hilltops to the bottoms of valleys. 　Areas identified as head include deposits of aeolian origin such as blown sand and loess, slope deposits such as gelifluctates and solifluctates, and recently eroded soil material, called colluvium. 　With geologists becoming more interested in studying the near-surface environment and its related processes, the term head is becoming obsolete. 　A related term is 'combe (or coombe) rock', descriptive of a body of chalk and flint fragments contained within a mass of chalky earth typically found on the chalk downlands of south-east England and resulting from freeze-thaw processes. 　Where the mass is also soliflucted, it is considered a variety of head. 　Though its earliest use is attributed to De la Beche in 1839 he mentions that in 1837 Mr. Trevelyn of Guernsey observed “ a bed of disintegrated granite, about three feet thick, mixed with angular fragments, thus reminding us of the head of angular fragments so commonly seen in Cornwall and Devon.　“
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>deposits</b> | diˈpɔzits | n the phenomenon of sediment or gravel accumulating<br>n matter that has been deposited by some natural process<br>n the natural process of laying down a deposit of something<br>n money deposited in a bank or some similar institution<br>n a partial payment made at the time of purchase; the balance to be paid later<br>n money given as security for an article acquired for temporary use<br>n a payment given as a guarantee that an obligation will be met<br>n a facility where things can be deposited for storage or safekeeping<br>n the act of putting something somewhere<br>v put, fix, force, or implant<br>v put into a bank account<br>v put (something somewhere) firmly | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deposits>n. 存放( deposit的名词复数 ); 订金; 寄存处; 储蓄<br>v. 存放( deposit的第三人称单数 ); （尤指小心地或准确地）放置; 付（保证金）; （把硬币）放入（自动售货机）</a> |  | deposit | 4.99
<b>consisting</b> | kənˈsistɪŋ | p. pr. & vb. n. of Consist | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/consisting>v. 由…组成( consist的现在分词 ); 包括; 存在于; 表现为（常与 in 连用）</a> |  | consist | 4.47
<b>fragmented</b> | 'fræɡmentid | v break or cause to break into pieces<br>s having been divided; having the unity destroyed | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fragmented>a. 成碎片的；片断的</a> |  | fragment | 5.64
<b>material</b> | mә'tiәriәl | n. the tangible substance that goes into the makeup of a physical object<br>n. information (data or ideas or observations) that can be used or reworked into a finished form<br>n. things needed for doing or making something<br>n. a person judged suitable for admission or employment | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/material>n. 材料, 物资, 素材, 布料, 资料<br>a. 物质的, 肉体的, 重要的</a> |  |  | 4.09
<b>following</b> | 'fɒlәuiŋ | n. a group of followers or enthusiasts<br>s. about to be mentioned or specified<br>s. immediately following in time or order<br>a. going or proceeding or coming after in the same direction | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/following>n. 下列各项, 部下, 追随者<br>a. 下列的, 其次的</a> |  | follow | 3.41
<b>weathering</b> | 'weðәriŋ | v face and withstand with courage<br>v cause to slope<br>v sail to the windward of<br>v change under the action or influence of the weather | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/weathering>n. 泻水坡, 风化<br>[化] 天然时效</a> |  | weather | 5.95
<b>downslope</b> | 'daʊnsləʊp | n a downward slope or bend | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/downslope>a. 下坡的<br>adv. 向着坡下</a> |  |  | 10.00
<b>process</b> | 'prɒses | n. (psychology) the performance of some composite cognitive activity; an operation that affects mental contents<br>n. a mental process that you are not directly aware of<br>n. a natural prolongation or projection from a part of an organism either animal or plant<br>n. a sustained phenomenon or one marked by gradual changes through a series of states | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/process>n. 程序, 进行, 过程<br>vt. 加工, 使...接受处理, 对...处置, 对...起诉<br>a. 经加工的, 有特殊光效的<br>[计] 进程</a> | ced, ces, -ceed, -cede, -cess |  | 3.80
<b>solifluction</b> | ,sɔli'flʌkʃәn, ,sәj- |  | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/solifluction>n. 泥流, 泥流作用</a> |  |  | 10.00
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Man>Man</a> 
<font size=3>
A man is an adult male human. 　Prior to adulthood, a male human is referred to as a boy (a male child or adolescent). 　Like most other male mammals, a man's genome usually inherits an X chromosome from the mother and a Y chromosome from the father. 　Sex differentiation of the male fetus is governed by the SRY gene on the Y chromosome. 　During puberty, hormones which stimulate androgen production result in the development of secondary sexual characteristics, thus exhibiting greater differences between the sexes. 　These include greater muscle mass, the growth of facial hair and a lower body fat composition. 　Male anatomy is distinguished from female anatomy by the male reproductive system, which includes the penis, testicles, sperm duct, prostate gland and the epididymis, and by secondary sex characteristics, including a narrower pelvis, narrower hips, and smaller breasts without mammary glands. 　Throughout human history, traditional gender roles have often defined and limited men's activities and opportunities. 　Men often face conscription into military service or are directed into professions with high mortality rates, resulting in a shorter life expectancy than women. 　Many religious doctrines stipulate certain rules for men, such as forced circumcision. 　Men are over-represented as both perpetrators and victims of violence. 　Trans men have a gender identity that does not align with their female sex assignment at birth, while intersex men may have sex characteristics that do not fit typical notions of male biology.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>man</b> | mæn | n. an adult person who is male (as opposed to a woman)<br>n. the generic use of the word to refer to any human being<br>n. a male subordinate<br>n. an adult male person who has a manly character (virile and courageous competent) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/man>n. 男人, 人类, 人<br>vt. 为...配备人手, 操纵, 使振奋<br>[计] 城域网, 手册</a> |  |  | 3.35
<b>adult</b> | 'ædʌlt | n. a fully developed person from maturity onward<br>n. any mature animal<br>s. (of animals) fully developed | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adult>n. 成人, 成虫<br>a. 成年的, 成熟的</a> |  |  | 4.47
<b>male</b> | meil | n. an animal that produces gametes (spermatozoa) that can fertilize female gametes (ova)<br>n. a person who belongs to the sex that cannot have babies<br>n. the capital of Maldives in the center of the islands<br>a. being the sex (of plant or animal) that produces gametes (spermatozoa) that perform the fertilizing function in generation | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/male>n. 男人, 雄性动物<br>a. 男性的, 雄性的, 有力的</a> |  |  | 4.20
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Team>Team</a> 
<font size=3>
A team is a group of individuals (human or non-human) working together to achieve their goal. 　As defined by Professor Leigh Thompson of the Kellogg School of Management, "[a] team is a group of people who are interdependent with respect to information, resources, knowledge and skills and who seek to combine their efforts to achieve a common goal". 　A group does not necessarily constitute a team. 　Teams normally have members with complementary skills and generate synergy through a coordinated effort which allows each member to maximize their strengths and minimize their weaknesses. 　Naresh Jain (2009) claims: Team members need to learn how to help one another, help other team members realize their true potential, and create an environment that allows everyone to go beyond their limitations. 　While academic research on teams and teamwork has grown consistently and has shown a sharp increase over the past recent 40 years, the societal diffusion of teams and teamwork actually followed a volatile trend in the 20th century. 　The concept was introduced into business in the late 20th century, which was followed by a popularization of the concept of constructing teams. 　Differing opinions exist on the efficacy of this new management fad. 　Some see "team" as a four-letter word: overused and under-useful. 　Others see it as a panacea that realizes the Human Relations Movement's desire to integrate what that movement perceives as best for workers and as best for managers. 　Many people believe in the effectiveness of teams, but also see them as dangerous because of the potential for exploiting workers — in that team effectiveness can rely on peer pressure and peer surveillance. 　However, Hackman sees team effectiveness not only in terms of performance: a truly effective team will contribute to the personal well-being and adaptive growth of its members. 　English-speakers commonly use the word "team" in today's society to characterise many types of groups. 　Peter Guy Northouse's book Leadership: theory and practice discusses teams from a leadership perspective. 　According to the team approach to leadership, a team is a type of organizational group of people that are members.　[citation needed] A team is composed of members who are dependent on each other, work towards interchangeable achievements, and share common attainments. 　A team works as a whole together to achieve certain things. 　A team is usually located in the same setting as it is normally connected to a kind of organization, company, or community. 　Teams can meet in-person (directly face-to-face) or virtually when practicing their values and activities or duties. 　A team's communication is significantly important to their relationship.　[citation needed] Ergo, communication is frequent and persistent, and as well are the meetings.　[citation needed] The definition of team as an organizational group is not completely set in stone, as organizations have confronted a myriad[quantify] of new forms of contemporary collaboration. 　Teams usually have strong organizational structured platforms and respond quickly and efficiently to challenges as they have skills and the capability to do so.　[citation needed] An effective organizational team leads to greater productivity, more effective implementation of resources, better decisions and problem-solving, better-quality products/service, and greater innovation and originality.　[citation needed] Alongside the concept of a team, compare the more structured/skilled concept of a crew, the advantages of formal and informal partnerships, or the well-defined – but time-limited – existence of task forces. 　A team becomes more than just a collection of people when a strong sense of mutual commitment creates synergy, thus generating performance greater than the sum of the performance of its individual members. 　Thus teams of game players can form (and re-form) to practise their craft/sport. 　Transport logistics executives can select teams of horses, dogs, or oxen for the purpose of conveying passengers or goods.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>team</b> | ti:m | n. a cooperative unit (especially in sports)<br>n. two or more draft animals that work together to pull something<br>v. form a team | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/team>n. 队, 组<br>vt. 把马(牛)套在同一辆车上, 把...编成一组<br>vi. 驾驶卡车, 协作</a> |  |  | 3.36
<b>group</b> | gru:p | n. any number of entities (members) considered as a unit<br>n. (chemistry) two or more atoms bound together as a single unit and forming part of a molecule<br>n. a set that is closed, associative, has an identity element and every element has an inverse<br>v. arrange into a group or groups | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/group>n. 团体, 组, 团, 群<br>v. 聚合, 成群<br>[计] 创建组; 组, 用户组</a> |  |  | 3.39
<b>non</b> | nɔn | r negation of a word or group of words | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/non>adv. 非, 不</a> |  |  | 3.61
<b>working</b> | 'wә:kiŋ | n. a mine or quarry that is being or has been worked<br>s. actively engaged in paid work<br>s. adequate for practical use; especially sufficient in strength or numbers to accomplish something<br>s. adopted as a temporary basis for further work | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/working>n. 工作, 运转, 劳动<br>a. 工作的, 劳动的, 经营的, 抽搐的, 运转的</a> |  | work | 3.79
<b>together</b> | tә'geðә | s. mentally and emotionally stable<br>r. in contact with each other or in proximity<br>r. assembled in one place<br>r. in each other's company | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/together>adv. 一起, 共同, 彼此</a> |  |  | 3.64
<b>achieve</b> | ә'tʃi:v | v. to gain with effort | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/achieve>vt. 完成, 达到<br>vi. 如愿以偿</a> |  |  | 4.44
<b>their</b> | ðєә | pron. & a. The possessive case of the personal pronoun they;<br> as, their houses; their country. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/their>pron. 他们的</a> |  | its | 2.77
<b>goal</b> | gәul | n. the state of affairs that a plan is intended to achieve and that (when achieved) terminates behavior intended to achieve it<br>n. game equipment consisting of the place toward which players of a game try to advance a ball or puck in order to score points<br>n. a successful attempt at scoring | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/goal>n. 目标, 终点, 得分, 球门, 守门员<br>vi. 攻门, 射门得分</a> |  |  | 4.08
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Family>Family</a> 
<font size=3>
Family (from Latin: familia) is a group of people related either by consanguinity (by recognized birth) or affinity (by marriage or other relationship). 　The purpose of the family is to maintain the well-being of its members and of society. 　Ideally, families offer predictability, structure, and safety as members mature and learn to participate in the community. 　Historically, most human societies use family as the primary locus of attachment, nurturance, and socialization. 　Anthropologists classify most family organizations as matrifocal (a mother and her children), patrifocal (a father and his children), conjugal (a wife, her husband, and children, also called the nuclear family), avuncular (a man, his sister, and her children), or extended (in addition to parents and children, may include grandparents, aunts, uncles, or cousins). 　The field of genealogy aims to trace family lineages through history. 　The family is also an important economic unit studied in family economics. 　The word "families" can be used metaphorically to create more inclusive categories such as community, nationhood, and global village.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>family</b> | 'fæmәli | n. a social unit living together<br>n. primary social group; parents and children<br>n. people descended from a common ancestor<br>n. (biology) a taxonomic group containing one or more genera | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/family>n. 家庭, 家人, 族<br>a. 家庭的</a> |  |  | 3.37
<b>related</b> | ri'leitid | a. being connected either logically or causally or by shared characteristics<br>a. connected by kinship, common origin, or marriage | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/related>a. 讲述的, 叙述的；有关系的, 有关联的</a> |  | relate | 3.93
<b>either</b> | 'i:ðә | r. after a negative statement used as an intensive meaning something like `likewise' or `also' | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/either>a. (两者之中)任一的, (两者之中)各一的<br>pron. (两者之中)任一<br>conj. 或, 要么</a> |  |  | 3.77
<b>consanguinity</b> | .kɒnsæŋ'gwiniti | n. (anthropology) related by blood | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/consanguinity>n. 血亲, 血缘, 同族<br>[医] 血亲</a> |  |  | 6.61
<b>birth</b> | bә:θ | n. the time when something begins (especially life)<br>n. the event of being born<br>n. a baby born; an offspring | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/birth>n. 出生, 起源<br>[医] 生产, 分娩</a> |  |  | 4.34
<b>affinity</b> | ә'finiti | n. (immunology) the attraction between an antigen and an antibody<br>n. (anthropology) kinship by marriage or adoption; not a blood relationship<br>n. (biology) state of relationship between organisms or groups of organisms resulting in resemblance in structure or structural parts<br>n. a close connection marked by community of interests or similarity in nature or character | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/affinity>n. 吸引, 姻亲关系, 类同<br>[化] 亲合力; 亲合能; 亲合势; 近似; 类似</a> | af- |  | 5.32
<b>marriage</b> | 'mæridʒ | n. the state of being a married couple voluntarily joined for life (or until divorce)<br>n. two people who are married to each other<br>n. the act of marrying; the nuptial ceremony<br>n. a close and intimate union | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marriage>n. 婚姻, 结婚, 婚礼, 合并<br>[医] 婚姻, 结婚</a> | -age |  | 4.18
<b>relationship</b> | ri'leiʃәnʃip | n. a relation between people; (`relationship' is often used where `relation' would serve, as in `the relationship between inflation and unemployment', but the preferred usage of `relationship' is for human relations or states of relatedness)<br>n. a state of connectedness between people (especially an emotional connection)<br>n. a state involving mutual dealings between people or parties or countries | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/relationship>n. 关系, 关联<br>[医] 关系</a> |  |  | 4.08
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Family_(biology)>Family (biology)</a> 
<font size=3>
Family (Latin: familia, plural familiae) is one of the eight major hierarchical taxonomic ranks in Linnaean taxonomy. 　It is classified between order and genus. 　A family may be divided into subfamilies, which are intermediate ranks between the ranks of family and genus. 　The official family names are Latin in origin; however, popular names are often used: for example, walnut trees and hickory trees belong to the family Juglandaceae, but that family is commonly referred to as the "walnut family". 　What belongs to a family—or if a described family should be recognized at all—are proposed and determined by practicing taxonomists. 　There are no hard rules for describing or recognizing a family, but in plants, they can be characterized on the basis of both vegetative and reproductive features of plant species. 　Taxonomists often take different positions about descriptions, and there may be no broad consensus across the scientific community for some time. 　The publishing of new data and opinions often enables adjustments and consensus.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>plural</b> | 'pluәrәl | n. the form of a word that is used to denote more than one<br>a. composed of more than one member, set, or kind<br>a. grammatical number category referring to two or more items or units | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plural>n. 复数<br>a. 复数的, 两个以上的</a> | plu, plur |  | 5.28
<b>eight</b> | eit | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of seven and one<br>s. being one more than seven | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eight>num. 八, 八个</a> |  |  | 3.94
<b>major</b> | 'meidʒә | n. a commissioned military officer in the United States Army or Air Force or Marines; below lieutenant colonel and above captain<br>n. British statesman who was prime minister from 1990 until 1997 (born in 1943)<br>n. a university student who is studying a particular field as the principal subject<br>n. the principal field of study of a student at a university | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/major>n. 主修课, 成年人, 陆军少校<br>a. 主要的, 较多的, 大部分的, 成年的, 严重的<br>vi. 主修<br>[计] 主要, 主要刻度</a> | magn, magna, magni, maj |  | 3.64
<b>hierarchical</b> | ,haiә'rɑ:kikәl | a. classified according to various criteria into successive levels or layers | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hierarchical>[计] 分级的, 分层的, 层次的</a> |  |  | 5.13
<b>taxonomic</b> | tæksә'nɔmik | a. of or relating to taxonomy | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/taxonomic>a. 分类学的, 分类的<br>[计] 分类的</a> |  |  | 5.60
<b>Linnaean</b> | li'ni:ən | a. of or relating to Linnaeus or to the system of taxonomic classification that Linnaeus proposed | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linnaean>a. 林奈的（瑞典博物学家）；林奈式动植物分类法的</a> |  |  | 6.82
<b>taxonomy</b> | tæk'sɒnәmi | n. a classification of organisms into groups based on similarities of structure or origin etc<br>n. (biology) study of the general principles of scientific classification<br>n. practice of classifying plants and animals according to their presumed natural relationships | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/taxonomy>n. 分类学, 分类系统<br>[医] 分类学</a> | tax, taxo |  | 5.49
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/House>House</a> 
<font size=3>
A house is a single-unit residential building. 　It may range in complexity from a rudimentary hut to a complex structure of wood, masonry, concrete or other material, outfitted with plumbing, electrical, and heating, ventilation, and air conditioning systems. 　Houses use a range of different roofing systems to keep precipitation such as rain from getting into the dwelling space. 　Houses may have doors or locks to secure the dwelling space and protect its inhabitants and contents from burglars or other trespassers. 　Most conventional modern houses in Western cultures will contain one or more bedrooms and bathrooms, a kitchen or cooking area, and a living room. 　A house may have a separate dining room, or the eating area may be integrated into another room. 　Some large houses in North America have a recreation room. 　In traditional agriculture-oriented societies, domestic animals such as chickens or larger livestock (like cattle) may share part of the house with humans. 　The social unit that lives in a house is known as a household. 　Most commonly, a household is a family unit of some kind, although households may also be other social groups, such as roommates or, in a rooming house, unconnected individuals. 　Some houses only have a dwelling space for one family or similar-sized group; larger houses called townhouses or row houses may contain numerous family dwellings in the same structure. 　A house may be accompanied by outbuildings, such as a garage for vehicles or a shed for gardening equipment and tools. 　A house may have a backyard or a front yard or both, which serve as additional areas where inhabitants can relax or eat.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>house</b> | haus | n. a dwelling that serves as living quarters for one or more families<br>n. the members of a religious community living together<br>n. the audience gathered together in a theatre or cinema<br>n. an official assembly having legislative powers | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/house>n. 房子, 住宅, 机构, 议院, 家族, 家庭<br>vt. 给...房子住, 收藏<br>vi. 住, 躲藏</a> |  |  | 3.37
<b>single</b> | 'siŋgl | n. a base hit on which the batter stops safely at first base<br>v. hit a single<br>a. used of flowers having usually only one row or whorl of petals<br>a. existing alone or consisting of one entity or part or aspect or individual | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/single>a. 单身的, 单程的, 单一的, 个别的, 孤独的, 专一的<br>n. 一个, 单打, 单程票<br>vt. 选出<br>vi. 击出一垒打<br>[计] 单精度型</a> |  |  | 3.58
<b>residential</b> | .rezi'denʃәl | a. used or designed for residence or limited to residences<br>a. of or relating to or connected with residence | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/residential>a. 住宅的, 与居住有关的<br>[法] 有关居住的, 房产的:居所的, 适于居住的</a> |  |  | 4.59
<b>building</b> | 'bildiŋ | n. a structure that has a roof and walls and stands more or less permanently in one place<br>n. the occupants of a building | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/building>n. 建筑物, 建筑<br>[法] 营造, 建筑, 建筑物</a> |  | build | 3.58
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/House_(astrology)>House (astrology)</a> 
<font size=3>
Most horoscopic traditions of astrology systems divide the horoscope into a number (usually twelve) of houses whose positions depend on time and location rather than on date. 　In Hindu astrological tradition these are known as Bhāvas. 　The houses of the horoscope represent different fields of experience wherein the energies of the signs and planets operate—described in terms of physical surroundings as well as personal life experiences.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>traditions</b> | trə'dɪʃnz | n. an inherited pattern of thought or action<br>n. a specific practice of long standing | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/traditions>n. 传统( tradition的复数形式 ); 惯例</a> |  | tradition | 4.78
<b>astrology</b> | ә'strɒlәdʒi | n. a pseudoscience claiming divination by the positions of the planets and sun and moon | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/astrology>n. 占星术, 占星学</a> | astr, aster, astro |  | 5.80
<b>divide</b> | di'vaid | n. a serious disagreement between two groups of people (typically producing tension or hostility)<br>v. separate into parts or portions<br>v. perform a division | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/divide>vi. 分开, 分配, 分裂<br>vt. 分, 分开, 分裂, 除<br>n. 分配, 分水岭<br>[计] 除</a> | divid, divis |  | 5.05
<b>horoscope</b> | 'hɔrәskәup | n. a prediction of someone's future based on the relative positions of the planets<br>n. a diagram of the positions of the planets and signs of the zodiac at a particular time and place | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/horoscope>n. 星占, 算命天宫图</a> | scop, -scope, -scopy |  | 6.54
<b>number</b> | 'nʌmbә | n. the property possessed by a sum or total or indefinite quantity of units or individuals<br>n. a concept of quantity involving zero and units<br>n. a select company of people<br>n. a numeral or string of numerals that is used for identification | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/number>n. 数, 数字, 数目, 号码<br>vt. 数, 计算, 共计<br>vi. 计算, 报数<br>[计] 数字</a> |  | numb | 3.39
<b>twelve</b> | twelv | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of eleven and one<br>s. denoting a quantity consisting of 12 items or units | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/twelve>num. 十二, 十二个</a> |  |  | 4.38
<b>houses</b> | 'hauziz | n a dwelling that serves as living quarters for one or more families<br>n the members of a business organization that owns or operates one or more establishments<br>n the members of a religious community living together<br>n the audience gathered together in a theatre or cinema<br>n an official assembly having legislative powers<br>n aristocratic family line<br>n play in which children take the roles of father or mother or children and pretend to interact like adults<br>n (astrology) one of 12 equal areas into which the zodiac is divided<br>n the management of a gambling house or casino<br>n a social unit living together<br>n a building where theatrical performances or motion-picture shows can be presented<br>n a building in which something is sheltered or located<br>v contain or cover<br>v provide housing for | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/houses>n. 住宅；房子的总称；家园；洋房 （house的复数）</a> |  | house | 4.19
<b>whose</b> | hu:z | pron. The possessive case of who or which. See Who, and Which. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whose>pron. 谁的</a> |  |  | 3.90
<b>depend</b> | di'pend | v. be contingent upon (something that is elided) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/depend>vi. 靠, 视...而定, 信赖</a> | pend, pens |  | 4.82
<b>location</b> | lәu'keiʃәn | n. a point or extent in space<br>n. a workplace away from a studio at which some or all of a movie may be made | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/location>n. 位置, 场所, 特定区域<br>[计] 位置</a> | -ation |  | 4.11
<b>rather</b> | 'ræðә | r. on the contrary; rather (or instead), he wrote her a letter"<br>r. to some (great or small) extent | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rather>adv. 宁可, 稍微, 相当</a> |  |  | 3.85
<b>date</b> | deit | n. the specified day of the month<br>n. a participant in a date<br>n. a meeting arranged in advance<br>n. a particular but unspecified point in time | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/date>n. 日期, 约会, 枣椰树<br>vt. 约会, 定日期<br>vi. 注明日期, 过时</a> |  |  | 4.05
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/War>War</a> 
<font size=3>
War is an intense armed conflict between states, governments, societies, or paramilitary groups such as mercenaries, insurgents, and militias. 　It is generally characterized by extreme violence, destruction, and mortality, using regular or irregular military forces. 　Warfare refers to the common activities and characteristics of types of war, or of wars in general. 　Total war is warfare that is not restricted to purely legitimate military targets, and can result in massive civilian or other non-combatant suffering and casualties. 　While some war studies scholars consider war a universal and ancestral aspect of human nature, others argue it is a result of specific socio-cultural, economic or ecological circumstances.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>war</b> | wɒ: | n. the waging of armed conflict against an enemy<br>n. a legal state created by a declaration of war and ended by official declaration during which the international rules of war apply<br>n. an active struggle between competing entities<br>n. a concerted campaign to end something that is injurious | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war>n. 战争, 战争状态, 战术, 军事, 冲突, 斗争, 竞争<br>vi. 进行战争, 作战, 打仗, 战斗<br>a. 战争的, 战时用的</a> |  |  | 3.37
<b>intense</b> | in'tens | a. possessing or displaying a distinctive feature to a heightened degree<br>s. (of color) having the highest saturation | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/intense>a. 非常的, 强烈的, 紧张的, 热情的<br>[医] 强的</a> |  |  | 4.66
<b>armed</b> | ɑ:md | a. (used of persons or the military) characterized by having or bearing arms<br>a. having arms or arms as specified; used especially in combination<br>a. (used of plants and animals) furnished with bristles and thorns | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armed>a. 有扶手的, 武装的, 有防卫器官的<br>[法] 武装的, 持械的, "F带武器的</a> |  | arm | 4.32
<b>conflict</b> | 'kɒnflikt | n. an open clash between two opposing groups (or individuals)<br>n. opposition between two simultaneous but incompatible feelings<br>n. a state of opposition between persons or ideas or interests<br>n. an incompatibility of dates or events | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/conflict>n. 战斗, 冲突, 矛盾, 争执<br>vi. 争执, 战斗, 冲突, 抵触<br>[计] 冲突</a> | flic |  | 4.39
<b>between</b> | bi'twi:n | r. in the interval<br>r. in between | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/between>prep. 在...之间</a> |  |  | 3.13
<b>societies</b> | səˈsaiətiz | pl. of Society | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/societies>n. 社会( society的名词复数 ); 上流社会; 社团; 社群</a> |  | society | 4.85
<b>paramilitary</b> | .pærә'militәri | n. a group of civilians organized in a military fashion (especially to operate in place of or to assist regular army troops)<br>a. of or relating to a group of civilians organized to function like or to assist a military unit | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paramilitary>a. 辅助军事的</a> |  |  | 5.55
<b>mercenaries</b> | ˈmɜ:səˌneri:z | pl. of Mercenary | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mercenaries>n. 雇用的, 为钱的, 唯利是图的( mercenary的名词复数 ); 雇用地, 唯利是图地</a> |  | mercenary | 5.48
<b>insurgents</b> | ɪnˈsɜ:dʒənts | n. a person who takes part in an armed rebellion against the constituted authority (especially in the hope of improving conditions)<br>n. a member of an irregular armed force that fights a stronger force by sabotage and harassment | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/insurgents>n. 起义, 暴动, 造反( insurgent的复数形式 )</a> |  | insurgent | 5.47
<b>militias</b> | məˈlɪʃəz | n. civilians trained as soldiers but not part of the regular army<br>n. the entire body of physically fit civilians eligible by law for military service | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/militias>n. 民兵组织, 民兵( militia的复数形式 )</a> |  | militia | 5.68
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Life>Life</a> 
<font size=3>
Life is a quality that distinguishes matter that has biological processes, such as signaling and self-sustaining processes, from matter that does not, and is defined by the capacity for growth, reaction to stimuli, metabolism, energy transformation, and reproduction. 　Various forms of life exist, such as plants, animals, fungi, protists, archaea, and bacteria. 　Biology is the science that studies life. 　The gene is the unit of heredity, whereas the cell is the structural and functional unit of life. 　There are two kinds of cells, prokaryotic and eukaryotic, both of which consist of cytoplasm enclosed within a membrane and contain many biomolecules such as proteins and nucleic acids. 　Cells reproduce through a process of cell division, in which the parent cell divides into two or more daughter cells and passes its genes onto a new generation, sometimes producing genetic variation. 　Organisms, or the individual entities of life, are generally thought to be open systems that maintain homeostasis, are composed of cells, have a life cycle, undergo metabolism, can grow, adapt to their environment, respond to stimuli, reproduce and evolve over multiple generations. 　Other definitions sometimes include non-cellular life forms such as viruses and viroids, but they are usually excluded because they do not function on their own; rather, they exploit the biological processes of hosts. 　Abiogenesis, also known as the origin of life, is the natural process of life arising from non-living matter, such as simple organic compounds. 　Since its primordial beginnings, life on Earth has changed its environment on a geologic time scale, but it has also adapted to survive in most ecosystems and conditions. 　New lifeforms have evolved from common ancestors through hereditary variation and natural selection, and today, estimates of the number of distinct species range anywhere from 3 million to over 100 million. 　Death is the permanent termination of all biological processes which sustain an organism, and as such, is the end of its life. 　Extinction is the term describing the dying-out of a group or taxon, usually a species. 　Once extinct, the extinct species or taxon cannot come back to life. 　Fossils are the preserved remains or traces of organisms.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>life</b> | laif | n. a characteristic state or mode of living<br>n. the experience of being alive; the course of human events and activities<br>n. the course of existence of an individual; the actions and events that occur in living<br>n. the period during which something is functional (as between birth and death) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/life>n. 生活, 生命, 人生, 世事, 生物, 寿命, 一生, 生命力, 灵魂, 无期徒刑<br>[医] 生活, 生存, 生命, 寿命</a> |  |  | 3.38
<b>quality</b> | 'kwɒlәti | n. an essential and distinguishing attribute of something or someone<br>n. a degree or grade of excellence or worth<br>n. a characteristic property that defines the apparent individual nature of something<br>n. high social status | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/quality>n. 品质, 特性, 才能, 质量<br>a. 优质的<br>[计] 品质</a> |  |  | 4.14
<b>distinguishes</b> | disˈtiŋɡwiʃiz | v mark as different<br>v detect with the senses<br>v be a distinctive feature, attribute, or trait; sometimes in a very positive sense<br>v make conspicuous or noteworthy<br>v identify as in botany or biology, for example | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/distinguishes>v. 辨别, 区别( distinguish的第三人称单数 ); 使出众; （凭任何感觉器官）识别出; 看清</a> |  | distinguish | 5.60
<b>matter</b> | 'mætә | n. a vaguely specified concern<br>n. that which has mass and occupies space<br>n. a problem<br>n. (used with negation) having consequence | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/matter>n. 事件, 物质, 原因, 素材, 实体, 重要<br>vi. 有关系</a> |  |  | 3.87
<b>biological</b> | .baiәu'lɒdʒikәl | a. pertaining to biology or to life and living things<br>a. of parents and children; related by blood | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/biological>a. 生物学的<br>[医] 生物学的</a> | bio, bi, -be |  | 4.64
<b>signaling</b> | 'siɡnәliŋ | n any nonverbal action or gesture that encodes a message<br>v communicate silently and non-verbally by signals or signs<br>v be a signal for or a symptom of | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/signaling>n. 发信号；打信号</a> |  | signale | 5.23
<b>self</b> | self | n. your consciousness of your own identity<br>n. a person considered as a unique individual<br>a. (used as a combining form) relating to--of or by or to or from or for--the self | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/self>n. 自己, 自我, 本性, 本质, 私心, 本人<br>vt. 使近亲繁殖, 使自花授精<br>vi. 自花授精<br>a. 同一的</a> |  |  | 3.90
<b>sustaining</b> | sә'steiniŋ | v lengthen or extend in duration or space<br>v undergo (as of injuries and illnesses)<br>v provide with nourishment<br>v supply with necessities and support<br>v be the physical support of; carry the weight of<br>v admit as valid<br>v establish or strengthen as with new evidence or facts | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sustaining>a. 支持的, 持续的</a> |  | sustain | 5.51
<b>does</b> | dʌz; dәz | n the federal department responsible for maintaining a national energy policy of the United States; created in 1977<br>n mature female of mammals of which the male is called `buck'<br>v engage in<br>v carry out or perform an action<br>v get (something) done<br>v proceed or get along<br>v give rise to; cause to happen or occur, not always intentionally<br>v carry out or practice; as of jobs and professions<br>v be sufficient; be adequate, either in quality or quantity<br>v create or design, often in a certain way<br>v behave in a certain manner; show a certain behavior; conduct or comport oneself<br>v spend time in prison or in a labor camp<br>v carry on or function<br>v arrange attractively<br>v travel or traverse (a distance) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/does>v. 做；工作；有用（do的第三人称单数形式）</a> |  | doe | 3.60
<b>not</b> | nɒt | r. negation of a word or group of words | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/not>adv. 不, 非, 未<br>[计] 非</a> |  |  | 2.65
<b>capacity</b> | kә'pæsiti | n. capability to perform or produce<br>n. the amount that can be contained<br>n. the maximum production possible<br>n. a specified function | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/capacity>n. 容量, 能力, 才能, 资格<br>[计] 容量</a> | cap1, cip, capt, cept, -ceive, -ceit |  | 4.28
<b>growth</b> | grәuθ | n. (biology) the process of an individual organism growing organically; a purely biological unfolding of events involved in an organism changing gradually from a simple to a more complex level<br>n. a progression from simpler to more complex forms<br>n. vegetation that has grown<br>n. (pathology) an abnormal proliferation of tissue (as in a tumor) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/growth>n. 生长, 栽培, 增长<br>[计] 等比级数</a> |  |  | 4.20
<b>reaction</b> | ri'ækʃәn | n. an idea evoked by some experience<br>n. a bodily process occurring due to the effect of some antecedent stimulus or agent<br>n. (mechanics) the equal and opposite force that is produced when any force is applied to a body<br>n. a response that reveals a person's feelings or attitude | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reaction>n. 反应, 反作用, 反动<br>[医] 反应</a> | act, ag |  | 4.39
<b>metabolism</b> | mi'tæbәlizm | n. the organic processes (in a cell or organism) that are necessary for life | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/metabolism>n. 新陈代谢, 变态<br>[化] 新陈代谢; 代谢</a> | -ism1 |  | 5.43
<b>energy</b> | 'enәdʒi | n. (physics) a thermodynamic quantity equivalent to the capacity of a physical system to do work; the units of energy are joules or ergs<br>n. forceful exertion<br>n. enterprising or ambitious drive<br>n. an imaginative lively style (especially style of writing) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/energy>n. 精力, 精神, 活力, 能量<br>[化] 能; 能量</a> | erg, ergo, urg |  | 3.70
<b>transformation</b> | .trænsfә'meiʃәn | n. a qualitative change<br>n. (mathematics) a function that changes the position or direction of the axes of a coordinate system<br>n. a rule describing the conversion of one syntactic structure into another related syntactic structure | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transformation>n. 变形, 变质, 变化, 改革, 变换<br>[化] 转化; 变换</a> | -ation |  | 4.69
<b>reproduction</b> | .ri:prә'dʌkʃәn | n. the process of generating offspring<br>n. recall that is hypothesized to work by storing the original stimulus input and reproducing it during recall<br>n. the act of making copies<br>n. the sexual activity of conceiving and bearing offspring | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reproduction>n. 再现, 复制, 生殖, 繁殖, 复制品<br>[医] 生殖, 复现(心理)</a> |  |  | 5.20
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Name>Name</a> 
<font size=3>
A name is a term used for identification by an external observer. 　They can identify a class or category of things, or a single thing, either uniquely, or within a given context. 　The entity identified by a name is called its referent. 　A personal name identifies, not necessarily uniquely, a specific individual human. 　The name of a specific entity is sometimes called a proper name (although that term has a philosophical meaning as well) and is, when consisting of only one word, a proper noun. 　Other nouns are sometimes called "common names" or (obsolete) "general names". 　A name can be given to a person, place, or thing; for example, parents can give their child a name or a scientist can give an element a name.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>name</b> | neim | n. a language unit by which a person or thing is known<br>n. a person's reputation<br>n. family based on male descent<br>n. a well-known or notable person | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/name>n. 名字, 名称, 姓名, 名义, 名誉, 文件名<br>vt. 命名, 称呼, 任命, 提名, 列举<br>a. 姓名的, 据以取名的<br>[计] 名称, 文件名, 姓名</a> |  |  | 3.38
<b>identification</b> | ai.dentifi'keiʃәn | n. evidence of identity; something that identifies a person or thing<br>n. the condition of having the identity (of a person or object) established<br>n. the attribution to yourself (consciously or unconsciously) of the characteristics of another person (or group of persons) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/identification>n. 识别, 身份证明, 认同<br>[化] 鉴定; 鉴别; 鉴别法; 认证</a> | -faction, -ification, -efaction |  | 4.71
<b>external</b> | ik'stә:nl | n. outward features<br>a. happening or arising or located outside or beyond some limits or especially surface<br>s. coming from the outside<br>s. from or between other countries | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/external>n. 外部, 外面<br>a. 外部的, 客观的, 表面的</a> | extr-, extra-, exter- |  | 4.46
<b>observer</b> | әb'zә:vә | n. an expert who observes and comments on something | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/observer>n. 观察者, 遵守者, 观察员<br>[法] 观察者, 观察员, 监场员</a> |  |  | 4.93
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Number>Number</a> 
<font size=3>
A number is a mathematical object used to count, measure, and label. 　The original examples are the natural numbers 1, 2, 3, 4, and so forth. 　Numbers can be represented in language with number words. 　More universally, individual numbers can be represented by symbols, called numerals; for example, "5" is a numeral that represents the number five. 　As only a relatively small number of symbols can be memorized, basic numerals are commonly organized in a numeral system, which is an organized way to represent any number. 　The most common numeral system is the Hindu–Arabic numeral system, which allows for the representation of any number using a combination of ten fundamental numeric symbols, called digits. 　In addition to their use in counting and measuring, numerals are often used for labels (as with telephone numbers), for ordering (as with serial numbers), and for codes (as with ISBNs). 　In common usage, a numeral is not clearly distinguished from the number that it represents. 　In mathematics, the notion of a number has been extended over the centuries to include zero (0), negative numbers, rational numbers such as one half ( 1 2 ) {\displaystyle \left({\tfrac {1}{2}}\right)} , real numbers such as the square root of 2 ( 2 ) {\displaystyle \left({\sqrt {2}}\right)} and π, and complex numbers which extend the real numbers with a square root of −1 (and its combinations with real numbers by adding or subtracting its multiples). 　Calculations with numbers are done with arithmetical operations, the most familiar being addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, and exponentiation. 　Their study or usage is called arithmetic, a term which may also refer to number theory, the study of the properties of numbers. 　Besides their practical uses, numbers have cultural significance throughout the world. 　For example, in Western society, the number 13 is often regarded as unlucky, and "a million" may signify "a lot" rather than an exact quantity. 　Though it is now regarded as pseudoscience, belief in a mystical significance of numbers, known as numerology, permeated ancient and medieval thought. 　Numerology heavily influenced the development of Greek mathematics, stimulating the investigation of many problems in number theory which are still of interest today. 　During the 19th century, mathematicians began to develop many different abstractions which share certain properties of numbers, and may be seen as extending the concept. 　Among the first were the hypercomplex numbers, which consist of various extensions or modifications of the complex number system. 　In modern mathematics, number systems are considered important special examples of more general algebraic structures such as rings and fields, and the application of the term "number" is a matter of convention, without fundamental significance.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>mathematical</b> | .mæθә'mætikl | a. of or pertaining to or of the nature of mathematics<br>s. beyond question<br>s. statistically possible though highly improbable<br>s. characterized by the exactness or precision of mathematics | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mathematical>a. 数学的, 精确的<br>[机] 数学上的</a> | -al2, -ial, -ual |  | 4.67
<b>object</b> | 'ɒbdʒekt | n. a tangible and visible entity; an entity that can cast a shadow<br>n. (grammar) a constituent that is acted upon<br>n. the focus of cognitions or feelings<br>n. (computing) a discrete item that provides a description of virtually anything known to a computer | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/object>n. 物体, 目标, 目的, 对象, 宾语, 客体<br>vi. 反对, 抱反感<br>vt. 提出...来反对<br>[计] 对象</a> | ject, jet, jac |  | 4.27
<b>count</b> | kaunt | n. the total number counted<br>n. the act of counting; reciting numbers in ascending order<br>n. a nobleman (in various countries) having rank equal to a British earl<br>v. determine the number or amount of | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/count>vt. 计算, 视为<br>vi. 计数<br>n. 计算, 合计, 计数, 伯爵<br>[计] 计数</a> |  |  | 4.38
<b>measure</b> | 'meʒә | n. any maneuver made as part of progress toward a goal<br>n. how much there is or how many there are of something that you can quantify<br>n. musical notation for a repeating pattern of musical beats<br>n. a container of some standard capacity that is used to obtain fixed amounts of a substance | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/measure>n. 尺寸, 量度器, 量度标准, 测量, 量具, 程度, 范围, 限度, 分寸, 措施, 方法<br>vt. 测量, 测度, 估量, 权衡, 调节, 拿(自己或自己的力量等)作较量<br>vi. 度量</a> |  |  | 4.28
<b>label</b> | 'leibl | n. a brief description given for purposes of identification<br>n. trade name of a company that produces musical recordings<br>n. a radioactive isotope that is used in a compound in order to trace the mechanism of a chemical reaction<br>n. an identifying or descriptive marker that is attached to an object | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/label>n. 标签, 称号, 商标, 标志<br>vt. 贴标签于, 标注<br>[计] 标志; 标注; DOS外部命令:用于建立改变或删除磁盘卷标号</a> |  |  | 4.32
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/R>R</a> 
<font size=3>
R, or r, is the eighteenth letter of the Latin alphabet, used in the modern English alphabet, the alphabets of other western European languages and others worldwide. 　Its name in English is ar (pronounced /ˈɑːr/), plural ars, or in Ireland or /ˈɔːr/. 　The letter ⟨r⟩ is the eighth most common letter in English and the fourth-most common consonant (after ⟨t⟩, ⟨n⟩, and ⟨s⟩). 　The letter ⟨r⟩ is used to form the ending "-re", which is used in certain words such as centre in some varieties of English spelling, such as British English. 　Canadian English also uses the "-re" ending, unlike American English, where the ending is usually replaced by "-er" (center). 　This does not affect pronunciation.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>R</b> | ɑ:(r) | n. the 18th letter of the Roman alphabet | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/R>[计] 半径, 比例, 读, 接收, 寄存器, 复位, 电阻, 程式</a> |  |  | 3.40
<b>eighteenth</b> | ei'ti:nθ | n. position 18 in a countable series of things<br>s. coming next after the seventeenth in position | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eighteenth>num. 第十八, 十八分之一</a> |  |  | 5.16
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Following>Following</a> 
<font size=3>
Following is a 1998 independent neo-noir crime thriller film written, produced, edited and directed by Christopher Nolan. 　It tells the story of a young man who follows strangers around the streets of London and is drawn into a criminal underworld when he fails to keep his distance. 　As Nolan's debut feature, it was designed to be as inexpensive as possible to make. 　Scenes were heavily rehearsed so that just one or two takes were needed to economise on 16mm film stock, the production's greatest expense, and for which Nolan was paying from his salary. 　Unable to afford expensive professional lighting equipment, Nolan mostly used available light. 　Along with writing, directing, and photographing the film, Nolan also helped in editing and production. 　The film was released by The Criterion Collection on both Blu-ray and DVD in North America on 11 December 2012.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>independent</b> | .indi'pendәnt | a. free from external control and constraint<br>a. (of a clause) capable of standing syntactically alone as a complete sentence<br>s. not controlled by a party or interest group | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/independent>n. 独立自主者, 无党派者<br>a. 独立的, 有主见的, 不须依赖的, 不受约束的</a> | pend, pens |  | 3.92
<b>noir</b> | nwɑ: |  | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/noir>a. 轮盘戏中黑色数字的</a> |  |  | 5.42
<b>crime</b> | kraim | n. (criminal law) an act punishable by law; usually considered an evil act<br>n. an evil act not necessarily punishable by law | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crime>n. 犯罪, 罪行, 罪恶<br>[法] 犯罪, 罪, 罪恶</a> |  |  | 4.32
<b>thriller</b> | 'θrilә | n. a suspenseful adventure story or play or movie | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thriller>n. 使人激动的东西, 使人毛骨悚然的东西, 使人毛骨悚然的小说</a> |  |  | 5.08
<b>written</b> | 'ritn | a. set down in writing in any of various ways<br>a. systematically collected and written down | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/written>a. 书面的, 写成文字的<br>write的过去分词</a> |  | write | 3.79
<b>produced</b> | prәu'dju:st | v bring forth or yield<br>v create or manufacture a man-made product<br>v cause to happen, occur or exist<br>v bring out for display<br>v cultivate by growing, often involving improvements by means of agricultural techniques<br>v bring onto the market or release<br>v come to have or undergo a change of (physical features and attributes) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/produced>v. 创作；产生；制造（produce的过去式和过去分词）</a> |  | produce | 3.79
<b>directed</b> | di'rektid. dai- | s. (often used in combination) having a specified direction<br>s. manageable by a supervising agent | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/directed>a. 定向的；经指导的；被控制的</a> |  | direct | 3.97
<b>christopher</b> | 'kristәfә | n. Christian martyr and patron saint of travellers (3rd century) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christopher>n. 克里斯多夫（男子名）</a> |  |  | 4.65
<b>nolan</b> | 'nәulәn |  | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nolan>n. 诺兰（男子名）</a> |  |  | 5.33
</font>
<br>



