## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Season>Season</a> 
<font size=3>
A season is a division of the year based on changes in weather, ecology, and the number of daylight hours in a given region. 　On Earth, seasons are the result of the axial parallelism of Earth's tilted orbit around the Sun. 　In temperate and polar regions, the seasons are marked by changes in the intensity of sunlight that reaches the Earth's surface, variations of which may cause animals to undergo hibernation or to migrate, and plants to be dormant. 　Various cultures define the number and nature of seasons based on regional variations, and as such there are a number of both modern and historical cultures whose number of seasons varies. 　The Northern Hemisphere experiences most direct sunlight during May, June, and July, as the hemisphere faces the Sun. 　The same is true of the Southern Hemisphere in November, December, and January. 　It is Earth's axial tilt that causes the Sun to be higher in the sky during the summer months, which increases the solar flux. 　However, due to seasonal lag, June, July, and August are the warmest months in the Northern Hemisphere while December, January, and February are the warmest months in the Southern Hemisphere. 　In temperate and sub-polar regions, four seasons based on the Gregorian calendar are generally recognized: spring, summer, autumn (or fall), and winter. 　Ecologists often use a six-season model for temperate climate regions which are not tied to any fixed calendar dates: prevernal, vernal, estival, serotinal, autumnal, and hibernal. 　Many tropical regions have two seasons: the rainy, wet, or monsoon season and the dry season. 　Some have a third cool, mild, or harmattan season. 　"Seasons" can also be dictated by the timing of important ecological events such as hurricane season, tornado season, and wildfire season.　[citation needed] Some examples of historical importance are the ancient Egyptian seasons—flood, growth, and low water—which were previously defined by the former annual flooding of the Nile in Egypt. 　Seasons often hold special significance for agrarian societies, whose lives revolve around planting and harvest times, and the change of seasons is often attended by ritual. 　The definition of seasons is also cultural. 　In India, from ancient times to the present day, six seasons or Ritu based on south Asian religious or cultural calendars are recognised and identified for purposes such as agriculture and trade.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>season</b> | 'si:zn | n. a period of the year marked by special events or activities in some field<br>n. one of the natural periods into which the year is divided by the equinoxes and solstices or atmospheric conditions<br>n. a recurrent time marked by major holidays<br>v. lend flavor to | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/season>n. 季节, 时节, 当令期, 时期<br>vt. 给...调味, 使成熟, 使老练, 缓和<br>vi. 变干燥</a> |  |  | 3.41
<b>based</b> | beist | s. having a base<br>s. having a base of operations (often used as a combining form) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/based>v. 立基于, 以…为基础（base的过去式和过去分词）</a> |  | base | 3.36
<b>weather</b> | 'weðә | n. the atmospheric conditions that comprise the state of the atmosphere in terms of temperature and wind and clouds and precipitation<br>v. face and withstand with courage<br>v. cause to slope<br>v. sail to the windward of | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/weather>n. 天气, 气象, 处境<br>a. 迎风的<br>vt. 使受风吹雨打, 侵蚀, 使风化, 经受住<br>vi. 风化, 受侵蚀, 经受风雨</a> |  |  | 4.43
<b>ecology</b> | i:'kɒlәdʒi | n. the environment as it relates to living organisms<br>n. the branch of biology concerned with the relations between organisms and their environment | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ecology>n. 生态学, 社会生态学<br>[化] 生态学</a> | eco |  | 5.22
<b>daylight</b> | 'deilait | n. light during the daytime | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/daylight>n. 白昼, 日光<br>vt. 使沐浴于日光<br>vi. 享有日光</a> |  |  | 5.14
<b>given</b> | 'givәn | n. an assumption that is taken for granted<br>s. acknowledged as a supposition | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/given>a. 赠予的, 沉溺的, 约定的<br>give的过去分词</a> |  | give | 3.59
<b>region</b> | 'ri:dʒәn | n. the extended spatial location of something<br>n. a large indefinite location on the surface of the Earth<br>n. the approximate amount of something (usually used prepositionally as in `in the region of')<br>n. a knowledge domain that you are interested in or are communicating about | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/region>n. 区域, 地带, 地区, 领域, 范围, 区<br>[计] 区, 区域</a> | reg, rect, rig1 |  | 3.72
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Government>Government</a> 
<font size=3>
A government is the system or group of people governing an organized community, generally a state. 　In the case of its broad associative definition, government normally consists of legislature, executive, and judiciary. 　Government is a means by which organizational policies are enforced, as well as a mechanism for determining policy. 　In many countries, the government has a kind of constitution, a statement of its governing principles and philosophy. 　While all types of organizations have governance, the term government is often used more specifically to refer to the approximately 200 independent national governments and subsidiary organizations. 　The major types of political systems in the modern era are democracies, monarchies, authoritarian and totalitarian regimes. 　Historically prevalent forms of government include monarchy, aristocracy, timocracy, oligarchy, democracy, theocracy, and tyranny. 　These forms are not always mutually exclusive, and mixed governments are common. 　The main aspect of any philosophy of government is how political power is obtained, with the two main forms being electoral contest and hereditary succession.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>government</b> | 'gʌvәnmәnt | n. the organization that is the governing authority of a political unit<br>n. the act of governing; exercising authority<br>n. (government) the system or form by which a community or other political unit is governed | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/government>n. 政府, 内阁<br>[经] 政府, 政治, 政体</a> | -ment |  | 3.43
<b>governing</b> | '^ʌvәniŋ | s. responsible for making and enforcing rules and laws | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/governing>[计] 调节, 控制</a> |  | govern | 4.81
<b>organized</b> | 'ɔ:^әnaizd | a. formed into a structured or coherent whole<br>a. methodical and efficient in arrangement or function<br>s. being a member of or formed into a labor union | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/organized>a. 有组织的, 组织起来的</a> |  | organize | 4.31
<b>community</b> | kә'mju:niti | n. a group of people living in a particular local area<br>n. common ownership<br>n. a group of nations having common interests<br>n. agreement as to goals | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/community>n. 社区, 公众, 共有, 共同体<br>[经] 公众, 共有, 社会</a> |  |  | 3.69
<b>generally</b> | 'dʒenәrәli | r. without distinction of one from others | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/generally>adv. 通常, 逐渐地, 普遍地</a> |  |  | 4.05
<b>state</b> | steit | n. the territory occupied by one of the constituent administrative districts of a nation<br>n. the way something is with respect to its main attributes<br>n. the group of people comprising the government of a sovereign state<br>n. a politically organized body of people under a single government | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/state>n. 州, 状态, 情形, 国家, 政府, 领土, 国务, 社会地位<br>a. 国家的, 正式的, 礼仪用的, 州的<br>vt. 说明, 陈述, 规定<br>[计] 状态</a> |  |  | 3.18
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/System>System</a> 
<font size=3>
A system is a group of interacting or interrelated elements that act according to a set of rules to form a unified whole. 　A system, surrounded and influenced by its environment, is described by its boundaries, structure and purpose and expressed in its functioning. 　Systems are the subjects of study of systems theory and other systems sciences. 　Systems have several common properties and characteristics, including structure, function(s), behavior and interconnectivity.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>interrelated</b> | .intәri'leitid | v be in a relationship with<br>v place into a mutual relationship<br>s reciprocally connected | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/interrelated>a. 相关的</a> |  | interrelate | 6.20
<b>elements</b> | 'elimәnts | n. violent or severe weather (viewed as caused by the action of the four elements) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elements>n. 原理, 基础</a> |  | element | 4.15
<b>act</b> | ækt | n. a legal document codifying the result of deliberations of a committee or society or legislative body<br>n. something that people do or cause to happen<br>n. a subdivision of a play or opera or ballet<br>n. a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/act>n. 行动, 行为, 幕, 法案<br>vi. 行动, 表演, 假装, 见效, 表现, 担当<br>vt. 扮演, 装作<br>[计] 先进通信技术, 先进计算机工艺, 自动代码翻译技术</a> |  |  | 3.72
<b>according</b> | ә'kɒ:diŋ | s. (followed by `to') in agreement with or accordant with<br>s. (followed by `to') as reported or stated by | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/according>a. 相符的, 根据...而定的<br>adv. 相应地</a> |  | accord | 3.67
<b>set</b> | set | n. a group of things of the same kind that belong together and are so used<br>n. (mathematics) an abstract collection of numbers or symbols<br>n. several exercises intended to be done in series<br>n. an unofficial association of people or groups | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/set>n. 日落, 同伙, 组合, 集合, 装置<br>vt. 放, 安置, 放置, 设定, 使凝结, 点燃, 确定, 点缀, 使就位, 树立, 分配, 调整<br>vi. 日落, 凝固, 定型, 搁住, 结果, 适合<br>a. 决心的, 规定的, 故意的, 持久的, 固定的, 老套的, 准备好的<br>[计] 设置; DOS内部命令:改变或显示分配给环境变量的值</a> |  |  | 3.48
<b>form</b> | fɒ:m | n. the phonological or orthographic sound or appearance of a word that can be used to describe or identify something<br>n. a perceptual structure<br>n. the visual appearance of something or someone<br>n. a printed document with spaces in which to write | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/form>n. 形状, 形体, 类型, 方式, 表格, 形式<br>v. 形成, 排列, (使)组成<br>n. 表单<br>[计] 表单</a> | form |  | 3.60
<b>unified</b> | 'ju:nifaid | v become one<br>v to bring or combine together or with something else<br>v bring together for a common purpose or action or ideology or in a shared situation<br>v act in concert or unite in a common purpose or belief<br>v join or combine<br>s formed or united into a whole<br>s operating as a unit | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unified>a. 统一的；一致标准的</a> |  | unify | 4.86
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Good>Good</a> 
<font size=3>
In most contexts, the concept of good denotes the conduct that should be preferred when posed with a choice between possible actions. 　Good is generally considered to be the opposite of evil and is of interest in the study of ethics, morality, philosophy, and religion. 　The specific meaning and etymology of the term and its associated translations among ancient and contemporary languages show substantial variation in its inflection and meaning, depending on circumstances of place and history, or of philosophical or religious context.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>contexts</b> | 'kɒnteksts | n. discourse that surrounds a language unit and helps to determine its interpretation<br>n. the set of facts or circumstances that surround a situation or event | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/contexts>n. 上下文( context的复数形式 ); 背景; 投资环境; 设备场境</a> |  | context | 5.25
<b>good</b> | gud | n. benefit<br>n. moral excellence or admirableness<br>n. that which is pleasing or valuable or useful<br>a. having desirable or positive qualities especially those suitable for a thing specified | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/good>n. 善行, 好处, 利益<br>a. 好的, 优良的, 上等的, 愉快的, 有益的, 好心的, 慈善的, 虔诚的</a> |  |  | 3.43
<b>denotes</b> | diˈnəuts | v be a sign or indication of<br>v have as a meaning<br>v make known; make an announcement | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/denotes>v. 为…的符号( denote的第三人称单数 ); 为…的名称; 指示; 指出</a> |  | denote | 5.22
<b>conduct</b> | 'kɔndʌkt, -dәkt | v. direct the course of; manage or control<br>v. lead, as in the performance of a composition; Barenboim conducted the Chicago symphony for years"<br>v. lead musicians in the performance of | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/conduct>n. 行为, 举动, 指导<br>vt. 为人, 指挥, 管理, 实施<br>vi. 领导, 传导, 指挥</a> | duc, duct |  | 4.50
<b>should</b> | ʃud | imp. of Shall<br>imp. Used as an auxiliary verb, to express a conditional or<br> contingent act or state, or as a supposition of an actual fact; also,<br> to express moral obligation (see Shall); e. g.: they should have come<br> last week; if I should go; I should think you could go. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/should>aux. 应该, 将要</a> |  |  | 3.49
<b>be</b> | bi: | v. have the quality of being; (copula, used with an adjective or a predicate noun)<br>v. be identical to; be someone or something<br>v. occupy a certain position or area; be somewhere<br>v. happen, occur, take place; this was during the visit to my parents' house" | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/be>v. 是, 表示, 在<br>[计] 后端, 总线允许</a> |  |  | 2.55
<b>preferred</b> | pri'fә:d | v like better; value more highly<br>v select as an alternative over another<br>v promote over another<br>v give preference to one creditor over another<br>s more desirable than another<br>s preferred above all others and treated with partiality | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/preferred>a. 首选的<br>[计] 首选的</a> |  | prefer | 4.68
<b>when</b> | hwen | adv. At what time; -- used interrogatively.<br>adv. At what time; at, during, or after the time that; at or<br> just after, the moment that; -- used relatively.<br>adv. While; whereas; although; -- used in the manner of a<br> conjunction to introduce a dependent adverbial sentence or clause,<br> having a causal, conditional, or adversative relation to the principal<br> proposition; as, he chose to turn highwayman when he might have<br> continued an honest man; he removed the tree when it was the best in<br> the grounds.<br>adv. Which time; then; -- used elliptically as a noun. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/when>conj. 当...的时候<br>adv. 何时, 什么时候<br>pron. 什么时侯<br>n. 时间</a> |  |  | 2.85
<b>choice</b> | tʃɒis | n. the person or thing chosen or selected<br>n. the act of choosing or selecting<br>s. of superior grade<br>s. appealing to refined taste | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/choice>n. 选择, 精选品, 选择权<br>a. 精选的, 挑三拣四的, 上等的<br>[计] DOS内部命令:在批处理文件中<br>该命令用于提示用户作出选择, 决定批处理文件的流程</a> |  |  | 4.20
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Company>Company</a> 
<font size=3>
A company, abbreviated as co., is a legal entity representing an association of people, whether natural, legal or a mixture of both, with a specific objective. 　Company members share a common purpose and unite to achieve specific, declared goals. 　Companies take various forms, such as: voluntary associations, which may include nonprofit organizations business entities, whose aim is generating profit financial entities and banks programs or educational institutions A company can be created as a legal person so that the company itself has limited liability as members perform or fail to discharge their duty according to the publicly declared incorporation, or published policy. 　When a company closes, it may need to be liquidated to avoid further legal obligations. 　Companies may associate and collectively register themselves as new companies; the resulting entities are often known as corporate groups.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>company</b> | 'kʌmpәni | n. an institution created to conduct business<br>n. small military unit; usually two or three platoons<br>n. the state of being with someone<br>n. organization of performers and associated personnel (especially theatrical) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/company>n. 公司, 友伴, 交往, 连队, 朋友, 一群<br>vt. 陪伴<br>vi. 交往</a> |  |  | 3.44
<b>legal</b> | 'li:gәl | a. established by or founded upon law or official or accepted rules<br>a. of or relating to jurisprudence<br>s. having legal efficacy or force<br>a. relating to or characteristic of the profession of law | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/legal>a. 法律的, 法定的, 合法的<br>[经] 法定权利; 法律(上)的, 合法的</a> | -al2, -ial, -ual |  | 4.12
<b>entity</b> | 'entiti | n. that which is perceived or known or inferred to have its own distinct existence (living or nonliving) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/entity>n. 实体, 实存物, 存在<br>[计] 实体</a> |  |  | 4.85
<b>representing</b> | ˌrepriˈzentɪŋ | v take the place of or be parallel or equivalent to<br>v express indirectly by an image, form, or model; be a symbol<br>v be representative or typical for<br>v be a delegate or spokesperson for; represent somebody's interest or be a proxy or substitute for, as of politicians and office holders representing their constituents, or of a tenant representing other tenants in a housing dispute<br>v serve as a means of expressing something<br>v be characteristic of<br>v form or compose<br>v be the defense counsel for someone in a trial<br>v create an image or likeness of<br>v play a role or part<br>v perform (a play), especially on a stage<br>v describe or present, usually with respect to a particular quality<br>v point out or draw attention to in protest or remonstrance<br>v bring forward and present to the mind<br>v to establish a mapping (of mathematical elements or sets) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/representing>v. 表现( represent的现在分词 ); 代表; 体现; 作为…的代表</a> |  | represent | 4.46
<b>association</b> | ә.sәuʃә'eiʃәn | n. a formal organization of people or groups of people<br>n. the act of consorting with or joining with others<br>n. the state of being connected together as in memory or imagination<br>n. the process of bringing ideas or events together in memory or imagination | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/association>n. 协会<br>[计] 关联</a> |  |  | 3.75
<b>whether</b> | 'hweðә | pron. Which (of two); which one (of two); -- used<br> interrogatively and relatively.<br>conj. In case; if; -- used to introduce the first or two or<br> more alternative clauses, the other or others being connected by or, or<br> by or whether. When the second of two alternatives is the simple<br> negative of the first it is sometimes only indicated by the particle<br> not or no after the correlative, and sometimes it is omitted entirely<br> as being distinctly implied in the whether of the first. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whether>conj. 是否, 不论<br>pron. 两个中的哪一个</a> |  |  | 3.97
<b>natural</b> | 'nætʃәrәl | n. someone regarded as certain to succeed<br>n. a notation cancelling a previous sharp or flat<br>n. (craps) a first roll of 7 or 11 that immediately wins the stake<br>a. in accordance with nature; relating to or concerning nature | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/natural>n. 白痴<br>a. 自然的, 自然界的, 本能的, 天然的, 物质的, 正常的, 原始的, 自然数的</a> | -al2, -ial, -ual |  | 3.92
<b>mixture</b> | 'mikstʃә | n. (chemistry) a substance consisting of two or more substances mixed together (not in fixed proportions and not with chemical bonding) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mixture>n. 混合, 混淆, 混合物<br>[化] 混合物</a> |  |  | 4.76
<b>both</b> | bәuθ | s. (used with count nouns) two considered together; the two | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/both>a. 两者的<br>adv. 两者都<br>pron. 两者</a> |  |  | 3.21
<b>specific</b> | spi'sifik | n. a medicine that has a mitigating effect on a specific disease<br>a. (sometimes followed by `to') applying to or characterized by or distinguishing something particular or special or unique<br>s. stated explicitly or in detail<br>a. relating to or distinguishing or constituting a taxonomic species | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/specific>n. 特效药, 特性<br>a. 特殊的, 明确的, 具有特效的, 特定地, 具体地</a> | spect, spec, spic, spectro |  | 4.07
<b>objective</b> | әb'dʒektiv | n. the lens or system of lenses in a telescope or microscope that is nearest the object being viewed<br>a. undistorted by emotion or personal bias; based on observable phenomena<br>a. serving as or indicating the object of a verb or of certain prepositions and used for certain other purposes<br>s. emphasizing or expressing things as perceived without distortion of personal feelings, insertion of fictional matter, or interpretation | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/objective>n. 目的, 目标, 宗旨, 宾格, 实物<br>a. 客观的, 如实的, 无偏见的, 宾格的</a> | ject, jet, jac |  | 4.65
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/End_(topology)>End (topology)</a> 
<font size=3>
In topology, a branch of mathematics, the ends of a topological space are, roughly speaking, the connected components of the "ideal boundary" of the space. 　That is, each end represents a topologically distinct way to move to infinity within the space. 　Adding a point at each end yields a compactification of the original space, known as the end compactification. 　The notion of an end of a topological space was introduced by Hans Freudenthal (1931).
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>topology</b> | tәu'pɒlәdʒi | n. topographic study of a given place (especially the history of the place as indicated by its topography)<br>n. the branch of pure mathematics that deals only with the properties of a figure X that hold for every figure into which X can be transformed with a one-to-one correspondence that is continuous in both directions<br>n. the configuration of a communication network | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/topology>n. 地志学, 拓扑学, 局部解剖学<br>[计] 拓扑结构, 网络的布局</a> | -logy, -ology |  | 4.96
<b>branch</b> | bræntʃ | n. a division of some larger or more complex organization<br>n. a division of a stem, or secondary stem arising from the main stem of a plant<br>n. a part of a forked or branching shape<br>n. a stream or river connected to a larger one | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/branch>n. 树枝, 支店, 支流, 分部<br>vi. 分支, 出枝<br>vt. 分割, 用枝状叶脉刺绣花纹装饰<br>[计] 分支, 目录分支</a> |  |  | 4.18
<b>mathematics</b> | .mæθә'mætiks | n. a science (or group of related sciences) dealing with the logic of quantity and shape and arrangement | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mathematics>n. 数学<br>[机] 数学</a> | -ics | mathematics | 4.60
<b>space</b> | speis | n. the unlimited expanse in which everything is located<br>n. an empty area (usually bounded in some way between things)<br>n. an area reserved for some particular purpose<br>n. a blank character used to separate successive words in writing or printing | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/space>n. 位置, 空间, 距离, 太空, 空白, 间隔, (期刊等的)篇幅<br>vt. 隔开, 分隔<br>vi. 留间隔<br>[计] 空白, 空格校验</a> |  |  | 3.68
<b>are</b> | ɑ: | n. a unit of surface area equal to 100 square meters | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/are>be的现在时复数或第二人称单数</a> |  | be | 2.57
<b>roughly</b> | 'rʌfli | r. with roughness or violence (`rough' is an informal variant for `roughly')<br>r. with rough motion as over a rough surface | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/roughly>adv. 概略地, 粗糙地, 粗暴地</a> |  |  | 4.57
<b>speaking</b> | 'spi:kiŋ | n. the utterance of intelligible speech<br>a. capable of or involving speech or speaking | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/speaking>n. 谈话, 演说<br>a. 讲话的, 适于说的, 讲某种语言的</a> |  | speak | 4.30
<b>connected</b> | kә'nektid | a. joined or linked together<br>s. wired together to an alarm system<br>s. plugged in | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/connected>a. 连接的, 连贯的, 有联系的, 关联的, 连结的, 有关系的<br>[计] 连接的</a> |  | connect | 4.24
<b>ideal</b> | ai'diәl | n. the idea of something that is perfect; something that one hopes to attain<br>n. model of excellence or perfection of a kind; one having no equal<br>s. conforming to an ultimate standard of perfection or excellence; embodying an ideal<br>s. constituting or existing only in the form of an idea or mental image or conception | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ideal>n. 理想, 典范, 观念, 思想, 最后目标<br>a. 理想的, 完美的, 空想的, 观念的, 唯心论的</a> |  |  | 4.66
<b>boundary</b> | 'baundri | n. the line or plane indicating the limit or extent of something<br>n. a line determining the limits of an area | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boundary>n. 边界, 分界线<br>[计] 边界</a> |  |  | 4.30
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Area>Area</a> 
<font size=3>
Area is the measure of a region's size on a surface. 　The area of a plane region or plane area refers to the area of a shape or planar lamina, while surface area refers to the area of an open surface or the boundary of a three-dimensional object. 　Area can be understood as the amount of material with a given thickness that would be necessary to fashion a model of the shape, or the amount of paint necessary to cover the surface with a single coat. 　It is the two-dimensional analogue of the length of a curve (a one-dimensional concept) or the volume of a solid (a three-dimensional concept). 　The area of a shape can be measured by comparing the shape to squares of a fixed size. 　In the International System of Units (SI), the standard unit of area is the square metre (written as m2), which is the area of a square whose sides are one metre long. 　A shape with an area of three square metres would have the same area as three such squares. 　In mathematics, the unit square is defined to have area one, and the area of any other shape or surface is a dimensionless real number. 　There are several well-known formulas for the areas of simple shapes such as triangles, rectangles, and circles. 　Using these formulas, the area of any polygon can be found by dividing the polygon into triangles. 　For shapes with curved boundary, calculus is usually required to compute the area. 　Indeed, the problem of determining the area of plane figures was a major motivation for the historical development of calculus. 　For a solid shape such as a sphere, cone, or cylinder, the area of its boundary surface is called the surface area. 　Formulas for the surface areas of simple shapes were computed by the ancient Greeks, but computing the surface area of a more complicated shape usually requires multivariable calculus. 　Area plays an important role in modern mathematics. 　In addition to its obvious importance in geometry and calculus, area is related to the definition of determinants in linear algebra, and is a basic property of surfaces in differential geometry. 　In analysis, the area of a subset of the plane is defined using Lebesgue measure, though not every subset is measurable. 　In general, area in higher mathematics is seen as a special case of volume for two-dimensional regions. 　Area can be defined through the use of axioms, defining it as a function of a collection of certain plane figures to the set of real numbers. 　It can be proved that such a function exists.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>area</b> | 'єәriә | n. a particular geographical region of indefinite boundary (usually serving some special purpose or distinguished by its people or culture or geography)<br>n. a subject of study<br>n. a part of an animal that has a special function or is supplied by a given artery or nerve<br>n. a part of a structure having some specific characteristic or function | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/area>n. 区域, 面积, 范围, 空地<br>[计] 区域</a> |  |  | 3.45
<b>surface</b> | 'sә:fis | n. the outer boundary of an artifact or a material layer constituting or resembling such a boundary<br>n. the extended two-dimensional outer boundary of a three-dimensional object<br>n. the outermost level of the land or sea<br>n. a superficial aspect as opposed to the real nature of something | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/surface>n. 面, 表面, 水面, 外表, 平面<br>a. 表面的, 外观的, 肤浅的, 水面上的<br>vt. 使成平面, 使浮出水面<br>vi. 浮出水面, 呈现, 在地面上工作</a> |  |  | 3.96
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hand>Hand</a> 
<font size=3>
A hand is a prehensile, multi-fingered appendage located at the end of the forearm or forelimb of primates such as humans, chimpanzees, monkeys, and lemurs. 　A few other vertebrates such as the koala (which has two opposable thumbs on each "hand" and fingerprints extremely similar to human fingerprints) are often described as having "hands" instead of paws on their front limbs. 　The raccoon is usually described as having "hands" though opposable thumbs are lacking. 　Some evolutionary anatomists use the term hand to refer to the appendage of digits on the forelimb more generally—for example, in the context of whether the three digits of the bird hand involved the same homologous loss of two digits as in the dinosaur hand. 　The human hand usually has five digits: four fingers plus one thumb; these are often referred to collectively as five fingers, however, whereby the thumb is included as one of the fingers. 　It has 27 bones, not including the sesamoid bone, the number of which varies among people, 14 of which are the phalanges (proximal, intermediate and distal) of the fingers and thumb. 　The metacarpal bones connect the fingers and the carpal bones of the wrist. 　Each human hand has five metacarpals and eight carpal bones. 　Fingers contain some of the densest areas of nerve endings in the body, and are the richest source of tactile feedback. 　They also have the greatest positioning capability of the body; thus, the sense of touch is intimately associated with hands. 　Like other paired organs (eyes, feet, legs) each hand is dominantly controlled by the opposing brain hemisphere, so that handedness—the preferred hand choice for single-handed activities such as writing with a pencil, reflects individual brain functioning. 　Among humans, the hands play an important function in body language and sign language. 　Likewise, the ten digits of two hands and the twelve phalanges of four fingers (touchable by the thumb) have given rise to number systems and calculation techniques.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>hand</b> | hænd | n. the (prehensile) extremity of the superior limb<br>n. ability<br>n. a position given by its location to the side of an object<br>n. the cards held in a card game by a given player at any given time | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hand>n. 手, 爪, 指针, 掌握, 协助, 人手, 手艺, 手迹, 支配, 插手<br>vt. 交给, 支持, 搀扶</a> |  |  | 3.45
<b>prehensile</b> | pri'hensail | a. adapted for grasping especially by wrapping around an object<br>s. having a keen intellect | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prehensile>a. 能抓的, 善于领会的, 贪得无厌的<br>[医] 抓握的, 捕捉的</a> | -ile, -il |  | 6.62
<b>fingered</b> | 'fiŋ^әd | a. having or resembling a finger or fingers; often used in combination | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fingered>a. 有指的, 被手指污染的</a> |  | finger | 5.77
<b>appendage</b> | ә'pendidʒ | n. a part that is joined to something larger | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/appendage>n. 附加物, 附器<br>[医] 附件, 附器</a> |  |  | 6.14
<b>at</b> | æt | n. 100 at equal 1 kip in Laos | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/at>prep. 在, 向, 对<br>[计] 地址转换器, 异常传输, 自动订票</a> |  |  | 2.35
<b>end</b> | end | n. either extremity of something that has length<br>n. the point in time at which something ends<br>n. the concluding parts of an event or occurrence<br>n. a final part or section | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/end>n. 结束, 终点, 目标, 末端, 梢, 死亡, 残余<br>v. 结束, 终结, 终止<br>[计] 端; 结束</a> |  |  | 3.44
<b>forearm</b> | 'fɒ:rɑ:m | n. the part of the superior limb between the elbow and the wrist<br>v. arm in advance of a confrontation | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/forearm>n. 前臂<br>vt. 预先武装, 准备</a> | fore- |  | 5.43
<b>forelimb</b> | 'fɒ:lim | n. the front limb (or the homologous structure in other animals, such as a flipper or wing) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/forelimb>n. 前肢</a> |  |  | 6.68
<b>chimpanzees</b> | ˌtʃimpənˈzi:z | n. intelligent somewhat arboreal ape of equatorial African forests | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chimpanzees>n. 黑猩猩( chimpanzee的复数形式 )</a> |  | chimpanzee | 6.03
<b>lemurs</b> | ˈli:məz | n. large-eyed arboreal prosimian having foxy faces and long furry tails | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lemurs>n. <动>狐猴( lemur的复数形式 )</a> |  | lemur | 6.16
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Home>Home</a> 
<font size=3>
A home, or domicile, is a space used as a permanent or semi-permanent residence for one or many humans, and sometimes various companion animals. 　It is a fully or semi sheltered space and can have both interior and exterior aspects to it. 　Homes provide sheltered spaces, for instance rooms, where domestic activity can be performed such as sleeping, preparing food, eating and hygiene as well as providing spaces for work and leisure such as remote working, studying and playing. 　Physical forms of homes can be static such as a house or an apartment, mobile such as a houseboat, trailer or yurt or digital such as virtual space. 　The aspect of ‘home’ can be considered across scales; from the micro scale showcasing the most intimate spaces of the individual dwelling and direct surrounding area to the macro scale of the geographic area such as town, village, city, country or planet. 　The concept of ‘home’ has been researched and theorized across disciplines – topics ranging from the idea of home, the interior, the psyche, liminal space, contested space to gender and politics. 　The home as a concept expands beyond residence as contemporary lifestyles and technological advances redefine the way the global population lives and works.　[citation needed] The concept and experience encompasses the likes of exile, yearning, belonging, homesickness and homelessness.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>home</b> | hәum | n. where you live at a particular time<br>n. the country or state or city where you live<br>n. place where something began and flourished<br>n. an environment offering affection and security | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/home>n. 家, 避难所, 故乡<br>a. 家庭的, 国内的, 打中目标的<br>adv. 在家, 在本国, 打中目标地<br>[计] 返回始位</a> |  |  | 3.46
<b>domicile</b> | 'dɒmisail | n. (law) the residence where you have your permanent home or principal establishment and to where, whenever you are absent, you intend to return; every person is compelled to have one and only one domicile at a time | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/domicile>n. 住所, 住宅<br>v. (使)定居</a> | dom2 |  | 6.15
<b>permanent</b> | 'pә:mәnәnt | a. continuing or enduring without marked change in status or condition or place<br>s. not capable of being reversed or returned to the original condition | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/permanent>a. 永久的, 不变的, 固定的, 持久的<br>n. 烫发<br>[计] 永久的</a> | per- |  | 4.39
<b>semi</b> | 'semi | n one of the two competitions in the next to the last round of an elimination tournament<br>n a truck consisting of a tractor and trailer together<br>n a trailer having wheels only in the rear; the front is supported by the towing vehicle | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/semi>[计] 半</a> |  |  | 4.27
<b>residence</b> | 'rezidәns | n. any address at which you dwell more than temporarily<br>n. the official house or establishment of an important person (as a sovereign or president) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/residence>n. 住宅, 居留, 驻扎, 居住期间<br>[医] 住房</a> | -ance, -ence, -ency, -ancy |  | 4.50
<b>many</b> | 'meni | a. a quantifier that can be used with count nouns and is often preceded by `as' or `too' or `so' or `that'; amounting to a large but indefinite number | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/many>n. 多数, 多数人<br>a. 许多的<br>pron. 许多</a> |  |  | 3.23
<b>sometimes</b> | 'sʌmtaimz | r. on certain occasions or in certain cases but not always; at other times for six months" | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sometimes>adv. 有时, 时常, 往往</a> |  |  | 3.94
<b>companion</b> | kәm'pænjәn | n. a friend who is frequently in the company of another<br>n. a traveler who accompanies you<br>n. one paid to accompany or assist or live with another | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/companion>n. 朋友, 陪伴, 指南, 升降口围罩<br>vt. 陪伴</a> |  |  | 4.69
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Order_(biology)>Order (biology)</a> 
<font size=3>
Order (Latin: ordo) is one of the eight major hierarchical taxonomic ranks in Linnaean taxonomy. 　It is classified between family and class. 　In biological classification, the order is a taxonomic rank used in the classification of organisms and recognized by the nomenclature codes. 　An immediately higher rank, superorder, is sometimes added directly above order, with suborder directly beneath order. 　An order can also be defined as a group of related families. 　What does and does not belong to each order is determined by a taxonomist, as is whether a particular order should be recognized at all. 　Often there is no exact agreement, with different taxonomists each taking a different position. 　There are no hard rules that a taxonomist needs to follow in describing or recognizing an order. 　Some taxa are accepted almost universally, while others are recognized only rarely. 　The name of an order is usually written with a capital letter. 　For some groups of organisms, their orders may follow consistent naming schemes. 　Orders of plants, fungi, and algae use the suffix -ales (e.g. Dictyotales). 　Orders of birds and fishes use the Latin suffix -(i)formes meaning 'having the form of' (e.g. Passeriformes), but orders of mammals and invertebrates are not so consistent (e.g. Artiodactyla, Actiniaria, Primates).
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>order</b> | 'ɒ:dә | n. (often plural) a command given by a superior (e.g., a military or law enforcement officer) that must be obeyed<br>n. a degree in a continuum of size or quantity<br>n. established customary state (especially of society)<br>n. a commercial document used to request someone to supply something in return for payment and providing specifications and quantities | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/order>n. 次序, 规则, 命令<br>vi. 命令, 定货<br>vt. 整理, 命令, 定购<br>n. 顺序, 阶数<br>[计] 顺序, 阶数</a> | ord, ordin |  | 3.46
<b>ordo</b> | 'ɔ:dәu |  | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ordo>n. (天主教的)教会历书( 记载每天的礼拜式和全年节日等)</a> |  |  | 6.20
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Last>Last</a> 
<font size=3>
A last is a mechanical form shaped like a human foot. 　It is used by shoemakers and cordwainers in the manufacture and repair of shoes. 　Lasts typically come in pairs and have been made from various materials, including hardwoods, cast iron, and high-density plastics. 　The term is derived from the Proto-Germanic *laistaz ("track, trace, footprint"); cognates include Swedish läst, Danish læste, German Leisten.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>last</b> | lɑ:st | n. the last or lowest in an ordering or series<br>n. a person's dying act; the final thing a person can do<br>n. a unit of weight equal to 4,000 pounds<br>n. a unit of capacity for grain equal to 80 bushels | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/last>a. 最后的, 末尾的, 最近的<br>vi. 持续, 支持, 维持<br>vt. 使维持, 够...用<br>adv. 最后, 后来<br>n. 最后, 末尾, 鞋楦头</a> |  |  | 3.46
<b>mechanical</b> | mi'kænikәl | a. using (or as if using) mechanisms or tools or devices<br>a. relating to or concerned with machinery or tools<br>a. relating to or governed by or in accordance with mechanics | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mechanical>a. 机械的, 机械性的, 力学的<br>[医] 机械的, 力学的</a> | mechan |  | 4.54
<b>shaped</b> | ʃeipt | s. shaped to fit by or as if by altering the contours of a pliable mass (as by work or effort)<br>a. having the shape of | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shaped>a. 成某种形状的, 制成一定形状的, 有某种形状的, 合适的, 计划好的, 有目标的<br>[医] 具形的, 形似的</a> |  | shape | 4.43
<b>like</b> | laik | n. a similar kind<br>n. a kind of person<br>v. find enjoyable or agreeable<br>v. be fond of | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/like>a. 相似的, 同样的<br>vt. 喜欢, 愿意, 想<br>vi. 喜欢, 希望<br>n. 爱好, 同样的人(或物)<br>prep. 象, 如同<br>adv. 可能</a> |  |  | 3.06
<b>foot</b> | fut | n. the part of the leg of a human being below the ankle joint<br>n. a linear unit of length equal to 12 inches or a third of a yard<br>n. the lower part of anything<br>n. any of various organs of locomotion or attachment in invertebrates | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foot>n. 脚, 步调, 英尺, 底部, 末尾, 步兵<br>vt. 走在...上, 给...换底, 支付<br>vi. 跳舞, 步行, 总计</a> |  |  | 4.22
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Music>Music</a> 
<font size=3>
Music is generally defined as the art of arranging sound to create some combination of form, harmony, melody, rhythm or otherwise expressive content. 　Exact definitions of music vary considerably around the world, though it is an aspect of all human societies, a cultural universal. 　While scholars agree that music is defined by a few specific elements, there is no consensus on their precise definitions. 　The creation of music is commonly divided into musical composition, musical improvisation, and musical performance, though the topic itself extends into academic disciplines, criticism, philosophy, and psychology. 　Music may be performed or improvised using a vast range of instruments, including the human voice. 　In some musical contexts, a performance or composition may be to some extent improvised. 　For instance, in Hindustani classical music, the performer plays spontaneously while following a partially defined structure and using characteristic motifs. 　In modal jazz the performers may take turns leading and responding, while sharing a changing set of notes. 　In a free jazz context, there may be no structure whatsoever, with each performer acting at their discretion. 　Music may be deliberately composed to be unperformable, or agglomerated electronically from many performances. 　Music is played in public and private areas, highlighted at events such as festivals, rock concerts, and orchestra performance, and heard incidentally as part of a score or soundtrack to a film, TV show, opera, or video game. 　Musical playback is the primary function of an MP3 player or CD player and a universal feature of radios and smartphones. 　Music often plays a key role in social activities, religious rituals, rite of passage ceremonies, celebrations, and cultural activities. 　The music industry includes songwriters, performers, sound engineers, producers, tour organizers, distributors of instruments, accessories, and sheet music. 　Compositions, performances, and recordings are assessed and evaluated by music critics, music journalists, and music scholars, as well as amateurs.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>music</b> | 'mju:zik | n. an artistic form of auditory communication incorporating instrumental or vocal tones in a structured and continuous manner<br>n. any agreeable (pleasing and harmonious) sounds<br>n. musical activity (singing or whistling etc.)<br>n. (music) the sounds produced by singers or musical instruments (or reproductions of such sounds) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/music>n. 音乐, 乐曲</a> | -ic |  | 3.47
<b>sound</b> | saund | n. the particular auditory effect produced by a given cause<br>n. the subjective sensation of hearing something<br>n. mechanical vibrations transmitted by an elastic medium<br>n. the sudden occurrence of an audible event | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sound>n. 声音, 语音, 吵闹, 声调, 听力范围, 探条, 海峡<br>a. 健全的, 可靠的, 合理的, 健康的, 彻底的, 资金充实的<br>adv. 彻底地, 充分地<br>vi. 发出声音, 回响, 测深, 试探, 听起来<br>vt. 使发声, 宣告, 听诊, 测...深, 试探<br>[计] 声音</a> |  |  | 3.86
<b>create</b> | kri:'eit | v. bring into existence<br>v. pursue a creative activity; be engaged in a creative activity<br>v. invest with a new title, office, or rank<br>v. create by artistic means | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/create>vt. 创造, 建造, 引起, 任命</a> |  |  | 4.14
<b>some</b> | sʌm | a. quantifier; used with either mass nouns or plural count nouns to indicate an unspecified number or quantity<br>s. relatively much but unspecified in amount or extent<br>s. relatively many but unspecified in number<br>s. remarkable | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/some>pron. 一些, 一部分, 若干<br>adv. 大约<br>a. 一些的, 少许的, 某一的</a> |  | an | 3.06
<b>combination</b> | .kɒmbi'neiʃәn | n. a collection of things that have been combined; an assemblage of separate parts or qualities<br>n. a coordinated sequence of chess moves<br>n. a sequence of numbers or letters that opens a combination lock<br>n. a group of people (often temporary) having a common purpose | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/combination>n. 组合, 合并, 联合<br>[计] 组合图</a> | -ation |  | 4.39
<b>harmony</b> | 'hɑ:mәni | n. compatibility in opinion and action<br>n. the structure of music with respect to the composition and progression of chords<br>n. a harmonious state of things in general and of their properties (as of colors and sounds); congruity of parts with one another and with the whole<br>n. agreement of opinions | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/harmony>n. 协调, 和睦, 调和<br>[电] 和声学</a> |  |  | 4.98
<b>melody</b> | 'melәdi | n. the perception of pleasant arrangements of musical notes | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/melody>n. 曲子, 美妙音乐, 曲调</a> |  |  | 4.96
<b>rhythm</b> | 'riðәm | n. the basic rhythmic unit in a piece of music<br>n. recurring at regular intervals<br>n. the arrangement of spoken words alternating stressed and unstressed elements | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rhythm>n. 旋律, 节奏, 韵律, 匀称, 张弛节律<br>[医] 节律</a> |  |  | 4.78
<b>expressive</b> | ik'spresiv | s. characterized by expression | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/expressive>a. 表达的, 富于表情的</a> |  |  | 5.41
<b>content</b> | kәn'tent | n. everything that is included in a collection and that is held or included in something<br>n. the proportion of a substance that is contained in a mixture or alloy etc.<br>n. the sum or range of what has been perceived, discovered, or learned<br>v. satisfy in a limited way | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/content>n. 内容, 满足, 意义, 要旨<br>a. 满足的, 满意的<br>vt. 使...满足, 使...安心<br>[计] 内容</a> | ten, tin, tain |  | 4.27
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Set_(psychology)>Set (psychology)</a> 
<font size=3>
In psychology, a set is a group of expectations that shape experience by making people especially sensitive to specific kinds of information. 　A perceptual set, also called perceptual expectancy, is a predisposition to perceive things in a certain way. 　Perceptual sets occur in all the different senses. 　They can be long term, such as a special sensitivity to hearing one's own name in a crowded room, or short term, as in the ease with which hungry people notice the smell of food. 　A mental set is a framework for thinking about a problem. 　It can be shaped by habit or by desire. 　Mental sets can make it easy to solve a class of problem, but attachment to the wrong mental set can inhibit problem-solving and creativity.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>psychology</b> | sai'kɒlәdʒi | n. the science of mental life | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/psychology>n. 心理学, 心理状态<br>[医] 心理学</a> | -logy, -ology |  | 4.75
<b>expectations</b> | ekspek'teɪʃnz | n. belief about (or mental picture of) the future<br>n. anticipating with confidence of fulfillment<br>n. the feeling that something is about to happen | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/expectations>n. 希望( expectation的复数形式 ); 预料; （被）预期; [常作复数] 期望的事情</a> |  | expectation | 4.99
<b>shape</b> | ʃeip | n. any spatial attributes (especially as defined by outline)<br>n. the spatial arrangement of something as distinct from its substance<br>n. a concrete representation of an otherwise nebulous concept<br>v. make something, usually for a specific function | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shape>n. 形状, 形态, 外形, 形式, 身材<br>vt. 定形, 使成形, 塑造, 计划, 使符合<br>vi. 成形, 形成, 成长<br>[计] 形状</a> |  |  | 4.26
<b>experience</b> | ik'spiәriәns | n. the accumulation of knowledge or skill that results from direct participation in events or activities<br>n. the content of direct observation or participation in an event<br>n. an event as apprehended<br>v. go or live through | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/experience>n. 经历, 经验, 体验<br>vt. 经历, 经验, 体验</a> |  |  | 4.11
<b>making</b> | 'meikiŋ | n. (usually plural) the components needed for making or doing something | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/making>n. 制造, (手工)制造业, 制作, 形成, 发展, 要素, 内在因素, 赚头, 制造物</a> |  | make | 3.69
<b>especially</b> | i'speʃәli | r to a distinctly greater extent or degree than is common<br>r in a special manner | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/especially>adv. 尤其, 特别, 格外</a> |  |  | 3.94
<b>sensitive</b> | 'sensitiv | a. responsive to physical stimuli<br>a. being susceptible to the attitudes, feelings, or circumstances of others<br>s. hurting<br>s. of or pertaining to classified information or matters affecting national security | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sensitive>a. 敏感的, 易感的, 灵敏的, 感光的<br>[机] 敏感的, 灵敏的, 感度高的</a> | sens, sent1 |  | 4.61
<b>information</b> | .infә'meiʃәn | n. a message received and understood<br>n. knowledge acquired through study or experience or instruction<br>n. formal accusation of a crime<br>n. (communication theory) a numerical measure of the uncertainty of an outcome | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/information>n. 消息, 知识, 通知, 情报, 信息, 问讯处, 起诉<br>[计] 信息</a> | in-1 | information | 3.68
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Game>Game</a> 
<font size=3>
A game is a structured form of play, usually undertaken for entertainment or fun, and sometimes used as an educational tool. 　Many games are also considered to be work (such as professional players of spectator sports or games) or art (such as jigsaw puzzles or games involving an artistic layout such as Mahjong, solitaire, or some video games). 　Games are sometimes played purely for enjoyment, sometimes for achievement or reward as well. 　They can be played alone, in teams, or online; by amateurs or by professionals. 　The players may have an audience of non-players, such as when people are entertained by watching a chess championship. 　On the other hand, players in a game may constitute their own audience as they take their turn to play. 　Often, part of the entertainment for children playing a game is deciding who is part of their audience and who is a player. 　A toy and a game are not the same. 　Toys generally allow for unrestricted play whereas games come with present rules. 　Key components of games are goals, rules, challenge, and interaction[disambiguation needed]. 　Games generally involve mental or physical stimulation, and often both. 　Many games help develop practical skills, serve as a form of exercise, or otherwise perform an educational, simulational, or psychological role. 　Attested as early as 2600 BC, games are a universal part of human experience and present in all cultures. 　The Royal Game of Ur, Senet, and Mancala are some of the oldest known games.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>game</b> | geim | n. a contest with rules to determine a winner<br>n. a single play of a sport or other contest<br>n. an amusement or pastime<br>n. animal hunted for food or sport | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/game>n. 比赛, 玩耍, 比分, 得胜, 比赛规则, 策略, 游戏, 野味<br>vi. 赌博<br>a. 勇敢的, 有胆量的, 关于野味的, 跛的<br>[计] 博弈; 对策</a> |  |  | 3.49
<b>play</b> | plei | n. a dramatic work intended for performance by actors on a stage<br>n. a theatrical performance of a drama<br>n. a preset plan of action in team sports<br>n. a state in which action is feasible | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/play>n. 游戏, 游玩, 玩笑, 运动, 比赛, 赌博, 跳动, 表演, 剧本<br>v. 玩, 游戏, 假装, 开玩笑, 比赛, 扮演, 演奏, 演戏, 传摇曳, (使)跳动<br>[计] 播放</a> |  |  | 3.68
<b>undertaken</b> | .ʌndә'teikәn | v enter upon an activity or enterprise<br>v accept as a challenge<br>v promise to do or accomplish<br>v enter into a contractual arrangement<br>v accept as a charge | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/undertaken>undertake的过去分词</a> |  | undertake | 5.01
<b>entertainment</b> | .entә'teinmәnt | n. an activity that is diverting and that holds the attention | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/entertainment>n. 娱乐, 款待, 娱乐表演</a> | -ment |  | 4.32
<b>fun</b> | fʌn | n. activities that are enjoyable or amusing<br>n. verbal wit or mockery (often at another's expense but not to be taken seriously)<br>n. violent and excited activity | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fun>n. 乐趣, 玩笑, 娱乐<br>vi. 开玩笑<br>a. 供娱乐用的</a> |  |  | 4.49
<b>tool</b> | tu:l | n. an implement used in the practice of a vocation<br>v. drive<br>v. furnish with tools<br>v. work with a tool | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tool>n. 工具, 机床, 傀儡<br>vt. 用工具加工<br>vi. 使用工具</a> |  |  | 4.56
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Side_(mythology)>Side (mythology)</a> 
<font size=3>
In Greek mythology, Side (Ancient Greek: Σίδη 'pomegranate) or Sida was the name of the following figures: Sida, eponym of the city of Sidon in Phoenicia. 　She was the wife of Belus, king of Egypt and mother of Aegyptus and Danaus. 　Otherwise, the wife of Belus was called Achiroe, daughter of the river-god Nilus. 　Side, one of the Danaïdes, condemned to Tartarus for murdering her husband. 　From her, a town in Laconia was believed to derived its name from. 　Side, the first wife of Orion and mother of his daughters Metioche and Menippe. 　She was cast by Hera into Hades because she rivaled the goddess in beauty. 　Modern scholars interpret the supposed marriage of Orion to Side ('pomegranate') as a mythical expression for the ripening of the fruit in the season when the constellation Orion is visible in the night sky. 　Side, a mortal woman who was chased down by her father Ictinus, intending to rape her. 　Side killed herself on her mother's grave, and the gods turned her blood into a pomegranate tree. 　Her father was changed into a kite bird that never rested on pomegranate trees.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>Greek</b> | gri:k | n. the Hellenic branch of the Indo-European family of languages<br>n. a native or inhabitant of Greece<br>a. of or relating to or characteristic of Greece or the Greeks or the Greek language | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greek>n. 希腊人, 希腊语<br>a. 希腊的, 希腊人的<br>[计] 希腊</a> |  |  | 4.16
<b>side</b> | said | n. a place within a region identified relative to a center or reference location<br>n. one of two or more contesting groups<br>n. either the left or right half of a body<br>n. a surface forming part of the outside of an object | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/side>n. 旁边, 侧, 方面, 胁, 侧边, 血统<br>a. 旁的, 侧的, 次要的<br>vt. 同意, 支持<br>vi. 支持, 赞助</a> |  |  | 3.50
<b>ancient</b> | 'einʃәnt | n. a very old person<br>n. a person who lived in ancient times<br>s. belonging to times long past especially of the historical period before the fall of the Western Roman Empire<br>s. very old | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ancient>a. 古代的, 古老的, 年老的, 旧的</a> |  |  | 4.13
<b>pomegranate</b> | 'pɒmgrænit | n. shrub or small tree native to southwestern Asia having large red many-seeded fruit<br>n. large globular fruit having many seeds with juicy red pulp in a tough brownish-red rind | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pomegranate>n. 石榴<br>[化] 石榴</a> |  |  | 6.19
<b>sida</b> | 'saɪdə | n. A genus of malvaceous plants common in the tropics. All the<br> species are mucilaginous, and some have tough ligneous fibers which are<br> used as a substitute for hemp and flax. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sida>[医][=severe iron deficiency anemia]严重缺铁性贫血</a> |  |  | 6.72
<b>was</b> | wɒz | n a state in northwestern United States on the Pacific<br>v have the quality of being; (copula, used with an adjective or a predicate noun)<br>v be identical to; be someone or something<br>v occupy a certain position or area; be somewhere<br>v have an existence, be extant<br>v happen, occur, take place; this was during the visit to my parents' house"<br>v be identical or equivalent to<br>v form or compose<br>v work in a specific place, with a specific subject, or in a specific function<br>v represent, as of a character on stage<br>v spend or use time<br>v have life, be alive<br>v to remain unmolested, undisturbed, or uninterrupted -- used only in infinitive form<br>v be priced at | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/was>be的过去式</a> |  | wa | 2.04
<b>eponym</b> | 'eipәunim | n. the person for whom something is named<br>n. the name derived from a person (real or imaginary) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eponym>n. 名字被用于命名地方(或机构)的人<br>[医] 人名名词(由人名而来的名词)</a> | onym |  | 6.52
<b>Sidon</b> | 'saidn | n the main city of ancient Phoenicia | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sidon>西顿[黎巴嫩西南部港市](即赛伊达)</a> |  |  | 6.05
<b>Phoenicia</b> | fi'niʃiә | n. an ancient maritime country (a collection of city states) at eastern end of the Mediterranean | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phoenicia>n. 腓尼基</a> |  |  | 6.41
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public>Public</a> 
<font size=3>
In public relations and communication science, publics are groups of individual people, and the public (a.k.a. the general public) is the totality of such groupings. 　This is a different concept to the sociological concept of the Öffentlichkeit or public sphere. 　The concept of a public has also been defined in political science, psychology, marketing, and advertising. 　In public relations and communication science, it is one of the more ambiguous concepts in the field. 　Although it has definitions in the theory of the field that have been formulated from the early 20th century onwards, and suffered more recent years from being blurred, as a result of conflation of the idea of a public with the notions of audience, market segment, community, constituency, and stakeholder.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>public</b> | 'pʌblik | n. a body of people sharing some common interest<br>a. not private; open to or concerning the people as a whole<br>s. affecting the people or community as a whole | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/public>n. 公众, 民众<br>a. 公众的, 公共的, 公立的, 公用的</a> |  |  | 3.51
<b>communication</b> | kә.mju:ni'keiʃәn | n. the activity of communicating; the activity of conveying information<br>n. something that is communicated by or to or between people or groups<br>n. a connection allowing access between persons or places | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/communication>n. 交流, 交通, 通讯<br>[计] 通信</a> | -ation |  | 4.32
<b>science</b> | 'saiәns | n. a particular branch of scientific knowledge | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/science>n. 科学, 学科, 学问, 自然科学<br>[医] 科学</a> | -ance, -ence, -ency, -ancy |  | 3.86
<b>individual</b> | .indi'vidʒuәl | n. a single organism<br>a. being or characteristic of a single thing or person<br>s. separate and distinct from others of the same kind<br>s. characteristic of or meant for a single person or thing | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/individual>n. 人, 个人, 个体<br>a. 个别的, 个人的, 独特的</a> | divid, divis |  | 4.05
<b>groupings</b> | ˈgru:pɪŋz | n. any number of entities (members) considered as a unit<br>n. the activity of putting things together in groups<br>n. a system for classifying things into groups | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/groupings>n. 归类, 编组（工作）( grouping的复数形式 )</a> |  | grouping | 5.80
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Came>Came</a> 
<font size=3>
A came is a divider bar used between small pieces of glass to make a larger glazing panel. 　There are two kinds of came: the H-shaped sections that hold two pieces together and the U-shaped sections that are used for the borders. 　Cames are mostly made of lead, zinc, copper, brass or brass-capped lead. 　Of the metal strips, lead is softer and more flexible, making it easier to cut and bend. 　The harder metals are used to work with slightly curved lines and pieces that require greater structural support. 　They can also be used as border came, once again for stability and support.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>came</b> | keim | v move toward, travel toward something or somebody or approach something or somebody<br>v reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress<br>v come to pass; arrive, as in due course<br>v reach or enter a state, relation, condition, use, or position<br>v to be the product or result<br>v be found or available; The furniture comes unassembled"<br>v come forth<br>v be a native of<br>v extend or reach<br>v exist or occur in a certain point in a series<br>v cover a certain distance<br>v come under, be classified or included<br>v happen as a result<br>v add up in number or quantity<br>v develop into<br>v be received<br>v come to one's mind; suggest itself<br>v come from; be connected by a relationship of blood, for example<br>v proceed or get along<br>v experience orgasm<br>v have a certain priority | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/came>come的过去式</a> |  | come | 3.51
<b>divider</b> | di'vaidә | n. a person who separates something into parts or groups<br>n. a drafting instrument resembling a compass that is used for dividing lines into equal segments or for transferring measurements | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/divider>n. 划分者, 分隔物, 间壁<br>[计] 除法器</a> |  |  | 6.32
<b>bar</b> | bɑ: | n. a counter where you can obtain food or drink<br>n. a rigid piece of metal or wood; usually used as a fastening or obstruction or weapon<br>n. an obstruction (usually metal) placed at the top of a goal<br>n. (meteorology) a unit of pressure equal to a million dynes per square centimeter | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bar>n. 条, 棒, 酒吧, 栅, 障碍物<br>vt. 禁止, 阻挡, 妨碍<br>[计] 棒形图</a> |  |  | 4.11
<b>small</b> | smɒ:l | n. the slender part of the back<br>n. a garment size for a small person<br>a. limited or below average in number or quantity or magnitude or extent<br>s. slight or limited; especially in degree or intensity or scope | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/small>a. 小的, 少的, 小型的, 低微的, 小气的, 细微的<br>adv. 些微地<br>n. 狭小部分</a> |  |  | 3.47
<b>glass</b> | glɑ:s | n. a brittle transparent solid with irregular atomic structure<br>n. a container for holding liquids while drinking<br>n. the quantity a glass will hold<br>n. glassware collectively | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glass>n. 玻璃, 玻璃杯, 透镜<br>vt. 装玻璃于, 反射, 反映<br>vi. 成玻璃状</a> |  |  | 4.13
<b>glazing</b> | 'gleiziŋ | v coat with a glaze<br>v become glassy or take on a glass-like appearance<br>v furnish with glass<br>v coat with something sweet, such as a hard sugar glaze | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glazing>n. 玻璃装配业, 玻璃窗, 上光, 上釉<br>[机] 起釉, 变滑</a> |  | glaze | 6.08
<b>panel</b> | 'pænl | n. sheet that forms a distinct (usually flat and rectangular) section or component of something<br>n. (law) a group of people summoned for jury service (from whom a jury will be chosen)<br>n. a group of people gathered for a special purpose as to plan or discuss an issue or judge a contest etc<br>n. a soft pad placed under a saddle | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/panel>n. 嵌板, 仪表板, 专题讨论小组, 全体陪审员<br>vt. 嵌镶板</a> |  |  | 4.64
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/County>County</a> 
<font size=3>
A county is a geographic region of a country used for administrative or other purposes in certain modern nations. 　The term is derived from the Old French comté denoting a jurisdiction under the sovereignty of a count (earl) or a viscount. 　Literal equivalents in other languages, derived from the equivalent of "count", are now seldom used officially, including comté, contea, contado, comtat, condado, Grafschaft, graafschap, and zhupa in Slavic languages; terms equivalent to commune/community are now often instead used. 　When the Normans conquered England, they brought the term with them. 　The Saxons had already established the districts that became the historic counties of England, calling them shires; many county names derive from the name of the county town (county seat) with the word shire added on: for example, Gloucestershire and Worcestershire. 　The Anglo-Saxon terms earl and earldom were taken as equivalent to the continental terms "count" and "county" under the conquering Normans, and over time the two blended and became equivalent. 　Further, the later-imported term became a synonym for the native Old English word sċīr ([ʃiːr]) or, in Modern English, shire – an equivalent administrative division of the kingdom. 　The term "county" evolved, consequently, to designate a level of local administration that was immediately beneath a national government, within a unitary (non-federal) system of government. 　County later also became used differently in some federal systems of government, for a local administrative division subordinate to a primary subnational entity, such as a Province (e.g. Canada) or a level 3 territorial unit (NUTS 3). 　In the United States and Canada, founded 600 years later on the British traditions, counties are usually an administrative division set by convenient geographical demarcations, which in governance have certain officeholders (for example sheriffs and their departments) as a part of the state and provincial mechanisms, including geographically common court systems. 　A county may be further subdivided into districts, hundreds, townships or other administrative jurisdictions within the county. 　A county usually, but not always, contains cities, towns, townships, villages, or other municipal corporations, which in most cases are somewhat subordinate or dependent upon county governments. 　Depending on the nation, municipality, and local geography, municipalities may or may not be subject to direct or indirect county control — the functions of both levels are often consolidated into a city government when the area is densely populated. 　Outside English-speaking countries, an equivalent of the term county is often used to describe subnational jurisdictions that are structurally equivalent to counties in the relationship they have with their national government; but which may not be administratively equivalent to counties in predominantly English-speaking countries.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>county</b> | 'kaunti | n. (United Kingdom) a region created by territorial division for the purpose of local government<br>n. (United States) the largest administrative district within a state | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/county>n. 县, 郡</a> |  |  | 3.51
<b>geographic</b> | ,dʒiә'^ræfik | a. of or relating to the science of geography<br>a. determined by geography | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/geographic>a. 地理(学)的, 地区(性)的</a> |  |  | 4.92
<b>country</b> | 'kʌntri | n. the territory occupied by a nation<br>n. an area outside of cities and towns | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/country>n. 国家, 乡村, 地区, 故乡<br>a. 乡下的, 农村的<br>[计] DOS外部命令:用于设定国家代码, 包括日期时间及货币格式</a> |  |  | 3.65
<b>administrative</b> | әd'ministrәtiv | a. of or relating to or responsible for administration | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/administrative>a. 管理的, 行政的<br>[法] 行政的, 管理的, 遗产管理的</a> | ad- |  | 4.22
<b>certain</b> | 'sә:tәn | s. definite but not specified or identified<br>a. having or feeling no doubt or uncertainty; confident and assured<br>a. established beyond doubt or question; definitely known<br>a. certain to occur; destined or inevitable | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/certain>a. 确定的, 某一个的, 必然的<br>[法] 确凿的, 无疑的, 可靠的</a> |  |  | 3.90
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Model>Model</a> 
<font size=3>
A model is an informative representation of an object, person or system. 　The term originally denoted the plans of a building in late 16th-century English, and derived via French and Italian ultimately from Latin modulus, a measure. 　Models can be divided into physical models (e.g. a model plane) and abstract models (e.g. mathematical expressions describing behavioural patterns). 　Abstract or conceptual models are central to philosophy of science, as almost every scientific theory effectively embeds some kind of model of the physical or human sphere. 　In commerce, "model" can refer to a specific design of a product as displayed in a catalogue or show room (e.g. Ford Model T), and by extension to the sold product itself. 　Types of models include:
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>model</b> | 'mɒdәl | n. a hypothetical description of a complex entity or process<br>n. a type of product<br>n. a person who poses for a photographer or painter or sculptor<br>n. representation of something (sometimes on a smaller scale) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/model>n. 模型, 模范, 模特儿<br>a. 模范的, 作模型用的<br>vi. 做模型, 做模特儿<br>vt. 使模仿, 塑造<br>[计] 模型</a> |  |  | 3.53
<b>informative</b> | in'fɒ:mәtiv | a. providing or conveying information | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/informative>a. 提供消息的, 见闻广博的</a> |  |  | 5.59
<b>representation</b> | .reprizen'teiʃәn | n. a presentation to the mind in the form of an idea or image<br>n. a creation that is a visual or tangible rendering of someone or something<br>n. the act of representing; standing in for someone or some group and speaking with authority in their behalf<br>n. the state of serving as an official and authorized delegate or agent | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/representation>n. 表示法, 表现, 陈述, 代表<br>[计] 表示法指定</a> |  |  | 4.36
<b>person</b> | 'pә:sn | n. a human being<br>n. a human body (usually including the clothing)<br>n. a grammatical category used in the classification of pronouns, possessive determiners, and verb forms according to whether they indicate the speaker, the addressee, or a third party | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/person>n. 人, 人身, 人称<br>[法] 人, 法人, 人身</a> |  |  | 3.85
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Former>Former</a> 
<font size=3>
A former is an object, such as a template, gauge or cutting die, which is used to form something such as a boat's hull. 　Typically, a former gives shape to a structure that may have complex curvature. 　A former may become an integral part of the finished structure, as in an aircraft fuselage, or it may be removable, being using in the construction process and then discarded or re-used.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>former</b> | 'fɒ:mә | n. the first of two or the first mentioned of two<br>a. referring to the first of two things or persons mentioned (or the earlier one or ones of several); I prefer the former version to the latter one"<br>s. (used especially of persons) of the immediate past | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/former>a. 从前的, 前者的<br>n. 起形成作用的人(或物), 模型, 样板</a> |  |  | 3.53
<b>template</b> | 'templit | n. a model or standard for making comparisons | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/template>n. 样板, 模板, 垫木<br>[计] 模板</a> |  |  | 5.44
<b>gauge</b> | geidʒ | n. a measuring instrument for measuring and indicating a quantity such as the thickness of wire or the amount of rain etc.<br>n. accepted or approved instance or example of a quantity or quality against which others are judged or measured or compared<br>n. the distance between the rails of a railway or between the wheels of a train<br>n. the thickness of wire | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gauge>n. 标准度量, 计量器<br>vt. 精确计量, 估计<br>[计] 线规</a> |  |  | 4.44
<b>cutting</b> | 'kʌtiŋ | n. a part (sometimes a root or leaf or bud) removed from a plant to propagate a new plant through rooting or grafting<br>n. a piece cut off from the main part of something<br>n. the act of diluting something<br>s. (of speech) harsh or hurtful in tone or character | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cutting>n. 切断, 切下, 路堑<br>[化] 切屑</a> |  | cut | 4.67
<b>die</b> | dai | n. a small cube with 1 to 6 spots on the six faces; used in gambling to generate random numbers<br>n. a device used for shaping metal<br>n. a cutting tool that is fitted into a diestock and used for cutting male (external) screw threads on screws or bolts or pipes or rods<br>v. pass from physical life and lose all bodily attributes and functions necessary to sustain life | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/die>vi. 死亡, 消逝, 平息, 熄灭, 漠然, 渴望<br>vt. 死<br>n. 骰子, 冲模</a> |  |  | 4.16
<b>something</b> | 'sʌmθiŋ | n. Anything unknown, undetermined, or not specifically<br> designated; a certain indefinite thing; an indeterminate or unknown<br> event; an unspecified task, work, or thing.<br>n. A part; a portion, more or less; an indefinite quantity<br> or degree; a little.<br>n. A person or thing importance.<br>adv. In some degree; somewhat; to some extent; at some<br> distance. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/something>pron. 某事, 某物</a> |  |  | 3.56
<b>boat</b> | bәut | n. a small vessel for travel on water<br>v. ride in a boat on water | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boat>n. 船<br>vi. 乘船<br>vt. 以船运</a> |  |  | 4.34
<b>hull</b> | hʌl | n. dry outer covering of a fruit or seed or nut<br>n. persistent enlarged calyx at base of e.g. a strawberry or raspberry<br>n. United States naval officer who commanded the `Constitution' during the War of 1812 and won a series of brilliant victories against the British (1773-1843)<br>n. United States diplomat who did the groundwork for creating the United Nations (1871-1955) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hull>n. 壳, 皮, 船体<br>vt. 去壳</a> |  |  | 4.78
</font>
<br>



