## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Party>Party</a> 
<font size=3>
A party is a gathering of people who have been invited by a host for the purposes of socializing, conversation, recreation, or as part of a festival or other commemoration or celebration of a special occasion. 　A party will often feature food and beverages, and often conversation, music, dancing, or other forms of entertainment. 　Some parties are held in honor of a specific person, day, or event, such as a birthday party, a Super Bowl party, or a St. Patrick’s Day party. 　Parties of this kind are often called celebrations. 　A party is not necessarily a private occasion. 　Public parties are sometimes held in restaurants, pubs, beer gardens, nightclubs, or bars, and people attending such parties may be charged an admission fee by the host. 　Large parties in public streets may celebrate events such as Mardi Gras or the signing of a peace treaty ending a long war.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>party</b> | 'pɑ:ti | n. an organization to gain political power<br>n. a group of people gathered together for pleasure<br>n. a band of people associated temporarily in some activity<br>n. an occasion on which people can assemble for social interaction and entertainment | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/party>n. 宴会, 党, 政党, 团体, 当事人, 聚会<br>v. 举办聚会</a> |  |  | 3.54
<b>gathering</b> | 'gæðәriŋ | n. a group of persons together in one place | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gathering>n. 聚集, 集中, 采集<br>[化] 富集</a> |  | gather | 4.77
<b>who</b> | hu: | n a United Nations agency to coordinate international health activities and to help governments improve health services | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/who>pron. 谁</a> |  |  | 2.84
<b>host</b> | hәust | n. a person who invites guests to a social event (such as a party in his or her own home) and who is responsible for them while they are there<br>n. an animal or plant that nourishes and supports a parasite; it does not benefit and is often harmed by the association<br>n. archaic terms for army<br>n. any organization that provides resources and facilities for a function or event | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/host>n. 主人, 旅馆老板, 节目主持人<br>vt. 当主人招待, 作...节目主持人<br>[计] 主机, 宿主机</a> | hosp, host1 |  | 4.22
<b>conversation</b> | .kɒnvә'seiʃәn | n. the use of speech for informal exchange of views or ideas or information etc. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/conversation>n. 会话, 说话, 交谈<br>[法] 交谈, 社交, 性交</a> | vers, vert |  | 4.42
<b>recreation</b> | .rekri'eiʃәn | n an activity that diverts or amuses or stimulates<br>n activity that refreshes and recreates; activity that renews your health and spirits by enjoyment and relaxation | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/recreation>n. 娱乐, 消遣, 休息, 再创造<br>[医] 娱乐, 休养</a> |  |  | 4.91
<b>festival</b> | 'festәvәl | n. a day or period of time set aside for feasting and celebration<br>n. an organized series of acts and performances (usually in one place) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/festival>a. 节日的, 喜庆的, 快乐的<br>n. 节日, 庆祝, 欢宴</a> |  |  | 3.97
<b>commemoration</b> | kә.memә'reiʃәn | n. a ceremony to honor the memory of someone or something | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/commemoration>n. 纪念, 纪念物, 庆典</a> |  |  | 5.54
<b>celebration</b> | .seli'breiʃәn | n. a joyful occasion for special festivities to mark some happy event<br>n. any joyous diversion<br>n. the public performance of a sacrament or solemn ceremony with all appropriate ritual | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/celebration>n. 庆祝, 庆典</a> | -ation |  | 4.82
<b>special</b> | 'speʃәl | n. a special offering (usually temporary and at a reduced price) that is featured in advertising<br>n. a dish or meal given prominence in e.g. a restaurant<br>n. a television production that features a particular person or work or topic<br>s. for a special service or occasion | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/special>n. 专辑, 专车, 号外, 特别的东西, 负有特别任务的人员<br>a. 特别的, 专门的, 特殊的, 额外的, 附加的, 特别亲密的</a> | spect, spec, spic, spectro |  | 3.78
<b>occasion</b> | ә'keiʒәn | n. reason<br>n. the time of a particular event<br>n. an opportunity to do something<br>v. give occasion to | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/occasion>n. 场合, 时机, 机会, 诱因, 理由<br>vt. 惹起, 引起</a> | oc- |  | 4.62
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Want>Want</a> 
<font size=3>
The idea of want can be examined from many perspectives. 　In secular societies want might be considered similar to the emotion desire, which can be studied scientifically through the disciplines of psychology or sociology. 　Want might also be examined in economics as a necessary ingredient in sustaining and perpetuating capitalist societies that are organised around principles like consumerism. 　Alternatively want can be studied in a non-secular, spiritual, moralistic or religious way, particularly by Buddhism but also Christianity, Islam and Judaism. 　In economics, a want is something that is desired. 　It is said that every person has unlimited wants, but limited resources (economics is based on the assumption that only limited resources are available to us). 　Thus, people cannot have everything they want and must look for the most affordable alternatives. 　Wants are often distinguished from needs. 　A need is something that is necessary for survival (such as food and shelter), whereas a want is simply something that a person would like to have. 　Some economists have rejected this distinction and maintain that all of these are simply wants, with varying levels of importance. 　By this viewpoint, wants and needs can be understood as examples of the overall concept of demand. 　Examples of wants that people would like to have is financial monitoring, saving time, higher paying job, more comfort, healthier diet, physical fitness, spirituality, friendship, companionship and safety.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>idea</b> | ai'diә | n. the content of cognition; the main thing you are thinking about<br>n. a personal view | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/idea>n. 主意, 办法, 理想, 思想, 概念, 意见<br>[医] 观念, 思想</a> |  |  | 3.93
<b>want</b> | wɒnt | v. have need of<br>v. hunt or look for; want for a particular reason<br>v. wish or demand the presence of<br>v. be without, lack; be deficient in | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/want>n. 需要的东西, 缺乏, 贫困, 需要<br>vt. 要, 希望, 应该, 缺少<br>vi. 生活困苦, 需要, 缺少</a> |  |  | 3.54
<b>can</b> | kæn | n. airtight sealed metal container for food or drink or paint etc.<br>n. the quantity contained in a can<br>n. a buoy with a round bottom and conical top<br>v. preserve in a can or tin | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/can>vt. 装罐<br>n. 罐头, 容器<br>aux. 能, 可以<br>[计] 作废字符</a> |  | can | 2.98
<b>perspectives</b> | pəs'pektɪvz | n. a way of regarding situations or topics etc.<br>n. the appearance of things relative to one another as determined by their distance from the viewer | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/perspectives>n. 透视( perspective的复数形式 ); 透视图; 观点; 全景</a> |  | perspective | 5.20
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thought>Thought</a> 
<font size=3>
In their most common sense, the terms thought and thinking refer to conscious cognitive processes that can happen independently of sensory stimulation. 　Their most paradigmatic forms are judging, reasoning, concept formation, problem solving, and deliberation. 　But other mental processes, like considering an idea, memory, or imagination, are also often included. 　These processes can happen internally independent of the sensory organs, unlike perception. 　But when understood in the widest sense, any mental event may be understood as a form of thinking, including perception and unconscious mental processes. 　In a slightly different sense, the term thought refers not to the mental processes themselves but to mental states or systems of ideas brought about by these processes. 　Various theories of thinking have been proposed, some of which aim to capture the characteristic features of thought. 　Platonists hold that thinking consists in discerning and inspecting Platonic forms and their interrelations. 　It involves the ability to discriminate between the pure Platonic forms themselves and the mere imitations found in the sensory world. 　According to Aristotelianism, to think about something is to instantiate in one's mind the universal essence of the object of thought. 　These universals are abstracted from sense experience and are not understood as existing in a changeless intelligible world, in contrast to Platonism. 　Conceptualism is closely related to Aristotelianism: it identifies thinking with mentally evoking concepts instead of instantiating essences. 　Inner speech theories claim that thinking is a form of inner speech in which words are silently expressed in the thinker's mind. 　According to some accounts, this happens in a regular language, like English or French. 　The language of thought hypothesis, on the other hand, holds that this happens in the medium of a unique mental language called Mentalese. 　Central to this idea is that linguistic representational systems are built up from atomic and compound representations and that this structure is also found in thought. 　Associationists understand thinking as the succession of ideas or images. 　They are particularly interested in the laws of association that govern how the train of thought unfolds. 　Behaviorists, by contrast, identify thinking with behavioral dispositions to engage in public intelligent behavior as a reaction to particular external stimuli. 　Computationalism is the most recent of these theories. 　It sees thinking in analogy to how computers work in terms of the storage, transmission, and processing of information. 　Various types of thinking are discussed in the academic literature. 　A judgment is a mental operation in which a proposition is evoked and then either affirmed or denied. 　Reasoning, on the other hand, is the process of drawing conclusions from premises or evidence. 　Both judging and reasoning depend on the possession of the relevant concepts, which are acquired in the process of concept formation. 　In the case of problem solving, thinking aims at reaching a predefined goal by overcoming certain obstacles. 　Deliberation is an important form of practical thought that consists in formulating possible courses of action and assessing the reasons for and against them. 　This may lead to a decision by choosing the most favorable option. 　Both episodic memory and imagination present objects and situations internally, in an attempt to accurately reproduce what was previously experienced or as a free rearrangement, respectively. 　Unconscious thought is thought that happens without being directly experienced. 　It is sometimes posited to explain how difficult problems are solved in cases where no conscious thought was employed. 　Thought is discussed in various academic disciplines. 　Phenomenology is interested in the experience of thinking. 　An important question in this field concerns the experiential character of thinking and to what extent this character can be explained in terms of sensory experience. 　Metaphysics is, among other things, interested in the relation between mind and matter. 　This concerns the question of how thinking can fit into the material world as described by the natural sciences. 　Cognitive psychology aims to understand thought as a form of information processing. 　Developmental psychology, on the other hand, investigates the development of thought from birth to maturity and asks which factors this development depends on. 　Psychoanalysis emphasizes the role of the unconscious in mental life. 　Other fields concerned with thought include linguistics, neuroscience, artificial intelligence, biology, and sociology. 　Various concepts and theories are closely related to the topic of thought. 　The term "law of thought" refers to three fundamental laws of logic: the law of contradiction, the law of excluded middle, and the principle of identity. 　Counterfactual thinking involves mental representations of non-actual situations and events in which the thinker tries to assess what would be the case if things had been different. 　Thought experiments often employ counterfactual thinking in order to illustrate theories or to test their plausibility. 　Critical thinking is a form of thinking that is reasonable, reflective, and focused on determining what to believe or how to act. 　Positive thinking involves focusing one's attention on the positive aspects of one's situation and is intimately related to optimism.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>common</b> | 'kɒmәn | a. belonging to or participated in by a community as a whole; public<br>a. having no special distinction or quality; widely known or commonly encountered; average or ordinary or usual<br>s. common to or shared by two or more parties<br>s. commonly encountered | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common>a. 通常的, 共同的, 通俗的, 公共的<br>[计] 公用块</a> |  |  | 3.81
<b>thought</b> | θɒ:t | n. the organized beliefs of a period or group or individual | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thought>n. 想法, 思想, 思维, 关心, 挂念<br>think的过去式和过去分词</a> |  | think | 3.54
<b>thinking</b> | 'θiŋkiŋ | n. the process of using your mind to consider something carefully | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thinking>n. 思考, 思想<br>a. 思考的, 有理性的</a> |  | think | 4.16
<b>refer</b> | ri'fә: | v. be relevant to<br>v. think of, regard, or classify under a subsuming principle or with a general group or in relation to another<br>v. send or direct for treatment, information, or a decision<br>v. use a name to designate | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/refer>vt. 提交, 归诸于, 把...提交, 使求助于<br>vi. 提到, 涉及, 查阅, 查询, 咨询</a> | fer, lat2, -late |  | 4.44
<b>conscious</b> | 'kɒnʃәs | s. intentionally conceived<br>a. knowing and perceiving; having awareness of surroundings and sensations and thoughts<br>s. (followed by `of') showing realization or recognition of something | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/conscious>a. 有意识的, 知觉的, 觉察的<br>[医] 有意识的, 清醒的</a> | sci |  | 4.95
<b>cognitive</b> | 'kɒgnitiv | a. of or being or relating to or involving cognition | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cognitive>a. 认知的, 认识的</a> | -ive, -ative |  | 4.97
<b>happen</b> | 'hæpәn | v. come to pass<br>v. happen, occur, or be the case in the course of events or by chance<br>v. chance to be or do something, without intention or causation<br>v. come into being; become reality | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/happen>vi. 发生, 发生, 恰巧</a> |  |  | 4.38
<b>independently</b> | .indi'pendәntli | r. on your own; without outside help<br>r. apart from others | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/independently>adv. 独立地, 自立地</a> |  |  | 4.82
<b>stimulation</b> | .stimju'leiʃәn | n. the act of arousing an organism to action<br>n. any stimulating information or event; acts to arouse action<br>n. (physiology) the effect of a stimulus (on nerves or organs etc.) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stimulation>n. 刺激, 激励, 鼓舞<br>[医] 兴奋, 刺激</a> |  |  | 5.50
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Father>Father</a> 
<font size=3>
A father is the male parent of a child. 　Besides the paternal bonds of a father to his children, the father may have a parental, legal, and social relationship with the child that carries with it certain rights and obligations. 　A biological father is the male genetic contributor to the creation of the infant, through sexual intercourse or sperm donation. 　A biological father may have legal obligations to a child not raised by him, such as an obligation of monetary support. 　An adoptive father is a man who has become the child's parent through the legal process of adoption. 　A putative father is a man whose biological relationship to a child is alleged but has not been established. 　A stepfather is a male who is the husband of a child's mother and they may form a family unit, but who generally does not have the legal rights and responsibilities of a parent in relation to the child. 　The adjective "paternal" refers to a father and comparatively to "maternal" for a mother. 　The verb "to father" means to procreate or to sire a child from which also derives the noun "fathering". 　Biological fathers determine the sex of their child through a sperm cell which either contains an X chromosome (female), or Y chromosome (male). 　Related terms of endearment are dad (dada, daddy), baba, papa, pappa, papasita, (pa, pap) and pop. 　A male role model that children can look up to is sometimes referred to as a father-figure.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>father</b> | 'fɑ:ðә | n. a male parent (also used as a term of address to your father)<br>n. `Father' is a term of address for priests in some churches (especially the Roman Catholic Church or the Orthodox Catholic Church); `Padre' is frequently used in the military<br>n. a person who holds an important or distinguished position in some organization<br>n. God when considered as the first person in the Trinity | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/father>n. 父亲, 祖先, 长辈, 神父, 创始者<br>vt. 当...的父亲, 保护, 创作, 发明, 培养</a> |  |  | 3.54
<b>parent</b> | 'perәnt | n. a father or mother; one who begets or one who gives birth to or nurtures and raises a child; a relative who plays the role of guardian<br>n. an organism (plant or animal) from which younger ones are obtained | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parent>n. 父母, 父母亲, 根源<br>[法] 父亲, 母亲, 根源</a> | par2 |  | 4.70
<b>child</b> | tʃaild | n. a young person of either sex<br>n. a human offspring (son or daughter) of any age<br>n. an immature childish person<br>n. a member of a clan or tribe | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/child>n. 孩子, 产物, 追随者<br>[医] 儿童</a> |  |  | 3.94
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/B>B</a> 
<font size=3>
B, or b, is the second letter of the Latin-script alphabet, used in the modern English alphabet, the alphabets of other western European languages and others worldwide. 　Its name in English is bee (pronounced /ˈbiː/), plural bees. 　It represents the voiced bilabial stop in many languages, including English. 　In some other languages, it is used to represent other bilabial consonants.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>B</b> | bi: | n. the 2nd letter of the Roman alphabet<br>n. the blood group whose red cells carry the B antigen | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/B>[计] 基地址, 数据库, 基极, 二进制, 块, 字组, 布尔, 总线, 占线, 字节<br>[医] 硼(5号元素)</a> |  |  | 3.54
<b>script</b> | skript | n. a written version of a play or other dramatic composition; used in preparing for a performance<br>n. a particular orthography or writing system<br>v. write a script for | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/script>n. 手迹, 手稿, 正本, 手写体<br>vt. 改编为演出本<br>[计] 手写体, 小型程序</a> | scrib, script |  | 4.63
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Album>Album</a> 
<font size=3>
An album is a collection of audio recordings issued on compact disc (CD), vinyl, audio tape, or another medium such as digital distribution. 　Albums of recorded sound were developed in the early 20th century as individual 78 rpm records collected in a bound book resembling a photograph album; this format evolved after 1948 into single vinyl long-playing (LP) records played at 33+1⁄3 rpm. 　The album was the dominant form of recorded music expression and consumption from the mid-1960s to the early 21st century, a period known as the album era. 　Vinyl LPs are still issued, though album sales in the 21st-century have mostly focused on CD and MP3 formats. 　The 8-track tape was the first tape format widely used alongside vinyl from 1965 until being phased out by 1983 and was gradually supplanted by the cassette tape during the 1970s and early 1980s; the popularity of the cassette reached its peak during the late 1980s, sharply declined during the 1990s and had largely disappeared during the first decade of the 2000s. 　Most albums are recorded in a studio, although they may also be recorded in a concert venue, at home, in the field, or a mix of places. 　The time frame for completely recording an album varies between a few hours to several years. 　This process usually requires several takes with different parts recorded separately, and then brought or "mixed" together. 　Recordings that are done in one take without overdubbing are termed "live", even when done in a studio. 　Studios are built to absorb sound, eliminating reverberation, to assist in mixing different takes; other locations, such as concert venues and some "live rooms", have reverberation, which creates a "live" sound. 　Recordings, including live, may contain editing, sound effects, voice adjustments, etc. 　With modern recording technology, artists can be recorded in separate rooms or at separate times while listening to the other parts using headphones; with each part recorded as a separate track. 　Album covers and liner notes are used, and sometimes additional information is provided, such as analysis of the recording, and lyrics or librettos. 　Historically, the term "album" was applied to a collection of various items housed in a book format. 　In musical usage, the word was used for collections of short pieces of printed music from the early nineteenth century. 　Later, collections of related 78 rpm records were bundled in book-like albums (one side of a 78 rpm record could hold only about 3.5 minutes of sound). 　When LP records were introduced, a collection of pieces or songs on a single record was called an "album"; the word was extended to other recording media such as compact disc, MiniDisc, compact audio cassette, 8-track tape and digital albums as they were introduced.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>album</b> | 'ælbәm | n. one or more recordings issued together; originally released on 12-inch phonograph records (usually with attractive record covers) and later on cassette audiotape and compact disc<br>n. a book of blank pages with pockets or envelopes; for organizing photographs or stamp collections etc | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/album>n. 粘贴簿, 唱片套<br>[医] 白色物</a> |  |  | 3.55
<b>collection</b> | kә'lekʃәn | n. several things grouped together or considered as a whole<br>n. a publication containing a variety of works<br>n. the act of gathering something together | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/collection>n. 收集, 采集, (一批)收藏品, 募捐<br>[医] 收集; 收集品, 标本</a> |  |  | 4.01
<b>audio</b> | 'ɒ:diou | n. the audible part of a transmitted signal<br>n. an audible acoustic wave frequency<br>n. the sound elements of television | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/audio>a. 音频的, 声音的<br>[电] 声频</a> | aud, audit, audio |  | 4.60
<b>recordings</b> | rɪˈkɔ:dɪŋz | n. a signal that encodes something (e.g., picture or sound) that has been recorded<br>n. the act of making a record (especially an audio record)<br>n. a storage device on which information (sounds or images) have been recorded | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/recordings>n. 记录( recording的复数形式 ); 录音; 录像; 唱片</a> |  | recording | 4.64
<b>compact</b> | kәm'pækt | n. a small cosmetics case with a mirror; to be carried in a woman's purse<br>n. a small and economical car<br>v. have the property of being packable or of compacting easily<br>a. closely and firmly united or packed together | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/compact>a. 紧凑的, 紧密的, 简洁的<br>vt. 使紧密结合, 压缩<br>vi. 变坚实</a> |  |  | 4.55
<b>disc</b> | disk | n sound recording consisting of a disk with a continuous groove; used to reproduce music by rotating while a phonograph needle tracks in the groove<br>n something with a round shape resembling a flat circular plate<br>n (computer science) a memory device consisting of a flat disk covered with a magnetic coating on which information is stored<br>n a flat circular plate | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/disc>n. 圆盘, 唱片<br>vt. 灌唱片</a> |  |  | 4.65
<b>vinyl</b> | 'vainil | n. a univalent chemical radical derived from ethylene<br>n. shiny and tough and flexible plastic; used especially for floor coverings | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vinyl>n. 乙烯基<br>[化] 乙烯基</a> |  |  | 5.11
<b>tape</b> | teip | n. a long thin piece of cloth or paper as used for binding or fastening<br>n. a recording made on magnetic tape<br>n. the finishing line for a foot race<br>n. measuring instrument consisting of a narrow strip (cloth or metal) marked in inches or centimeters and used for measuring lengths | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tape>n. 带子, 录音带, 磁带, 窄带, 卷尺<br>vt. 以带子绑起, 测量, 录音<br>[计] 带</a> |  |  | 4.81
<b>another</b> | ә'nʌðә | s. any of various alternatives; some other | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/another>a. 另外的, 再一的, 不同的<br>pron. 又一个, 另一个, 类似的另一个</a> |  |  | 3.40
<b>medium</b> | 'mi:diәm | n. a means or instrumentality for storing or communicating information<br>n. the surrounding environment<br>n. an intervening substance through which signals can travel as a means for communication<br>n. a liquid with which pigment is mixed by a painter | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/medium>n. 媒体, 方法, 媒介<br>a. 半生熟的, 中间的<br>[计] 媒体, 中</a> | medi |  | 4.40
<b>digital</b> | 'didʒitәl | a. displaying numbers rather than scale positions<br>a. relating to or performed with the fingers<br>a. of a circuit or device that represents magnitudes in digits | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/digital>a. 数字显示的, 数字的<br>n. 数字仪表, 数字式电子表(或时钟)<br>[计] 数字, 数字式</a> |  |  | 4.20
<b>distribution</b> | .distrә'bju:ʃәn | n. (statistics) an arrangement of values of a variable showing their observed or theoretical frequency of occurrence<br>n. the spatial or geographic property of being scattered about over a range, area, or volume<br>n. the act of distributing or spreading or apportioning<br>n. the commercial activity of transporting and selling goods from a producer to a consumer | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/distribution>n. 分配<br>[计] 分布</a> |  |  | 4.03
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Law>Law</a> 
<font size=3>
Law is a set of rules that are created and are enforceable by social or governmental institutions to regulate behavior, with its precise definition a matter of longstanding debate. 　It has been variously described as a science and as the art of justice. 　State-enforced laws can be made by a group legislature or by a single legislator, resulting in statutes; by the executive through decrees and regulations; or established by judges through precedent, usually in common law jurisdictions. 　Private individuals may create legally binding contracts, including arbitration agreements that adopt alternative ways of resolving disputes to standard court litigation. 　The creation of laws themselves may be influenced by a constitution, written or tacit, and the rights encoded therein. 　The law shapes politics, economics, history and society in various ways and also serves as a mediator of relations between people. 　Legal systems vary between jurisdictions, with their differences analysed in comparative law. 　In civil law jurisdictions, a legislature or other central body codifies and consolidates the law. 　In common law systems, judges may make binding case law through precedent, although on occasion this may be overturned by a higher court or the legislature. 　Historically, religious law has influenced secular matters and is, as of the 21st century, still in use in some religious communities. 　Sharia law based on Islamic principles is used as the primary legal system in several countries, including Iran and Saudi Arabia. 　The scope of law can be divided into two domains. 　Public law concerns government and society, including constitutional law, administrative law, and criminal law. 　Private law deals with legal disputes between individuals and/or organisations in areas such as contracts, property, torts/delicts and commercial law. 　This distinction is stronger in civil law countries, particularly those with a separate system of administrative courts; by contrast, the public-private law divide is less pronounced in common law jurisdictions. 　Law provides a source of scholarly inquiry into legal history, philosophy, economic analysis and sociology. 　Law also raises important and complex issues concerning equality, fairness, and justice.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>law</b> | lɒ: | n. the collection of rules imposed by authority<br>n. legal document setting forth rules governing a particular kind of activity<br>n. a rule or body of rules of conduct inherent in human nature and essential to or binding upon human society<br>n. a generalization that describes recurring facts or events in nature | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/law>n. 法律, 法则, 定律, 法律的制约, 法学, 司法界, 诉讼<br>v. 起诉</a> |  |  | 3.56
<b>enforceable</b> | in'fɔ: sәbl | a. capable of being enforced | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enforceable>a. 可实施的, 可强行的</a> |  |  | 6.11
<b>governmental</b> | .gʌvәn'mentl | s. relating to or dealing with the affairs or structure of government or politics or the state | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/governmental>a. 政治的, 统治上的, 政府的<br>[法] 政府的, 统治的, 政治上的</a> |  |  | 5.01
<b>regulate</b> | 'regjuleit | v. fix or adjust the time, amount, degree, or rate of<br>v. bring into conformity with rules or principles or usage; impose regulations | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/regulate>vt. 管理, 控制, 调节, 调整, 校准<br>[经] 控制, 管理</a> | reg, rect, rig1 |  | 5.17
<b>behavior</b> | bi'heivjә | n. manner of acting or controlling yourself<br>n. the action or reaction of something (as a machine or substance) under specified circumstances<br>n. (psychology) the aggregate of the responses or reactions or movements made by an organism in any situation | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/behavior>n. 行为, 举止<br>[医] 行为</a> |  |  | 4.25
<b>precise</b> | pri'sais | a. sharply exact or accurate or delimited | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/precise>a. 精确的, 严谨的, 明确的<br>[机] 精密的, 正确的</a> | cis, cid1, -cide |  | 4.79
<b>definition</b> | .defi'niʃәn | n. a concise explanation of the meaning of a word or phrase or symbol<br>n. clarity of outline | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/definition>n. 定义, 精确度, 清晰度<br>[计] 清晰度; 清晰度</a> |  |  | 4.56
<b>longstanding</b> | 'lɔŋ'stændiŋ;'lɔ:ŋ- | s. having existed for a long time | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/longstanding>a. 长期间的, 长期存在的</a> |  |  | 5.69
<b>debate</b> | di'beit | n. the formal presentation of a stated proposition and the opposition to it (usually followed by a vote)<br>v. argue with one another<br>v. discuss the pros and cons of an issue | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/debate>n. 辩论, 讨论<br>v. 争论, 辩论</a> | de- |  | 4.62
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black>Black</a> 
<font size=3>
Black is a color which results from the absence or complete absorption of visible light. 　It is an achromatic color, without hue, like white and grey. 　It is often used symbolically or figuratively to represent darkness. 　Black and white have often been used to describe opposites such as good and evil, the Dark Ages versus Age of Enlightenment, and night versus day. 　Since the Middle Ages, black has been the symbolic color of solemnity and authority, and for this reason it is still commonly worn by judges and magistrates. 　Black was one of the first colors used by artists in Neolithic cave paintings. 　It was used in ancient Egypt and Greece as the color of the underworld. 　In the Roman Empire, it became the color of mourning, and over the centuries it was frequently associated with death, evil, witches, and magic. 　In the 14th century, it was worn by royalty, clergy, judges, and government officials in much of Europe. 　It became the color worn by English romantic poets, businessmen and statesmen in the 19th century, and a high fashion color in the 20th century. 　According to surveys in Europe and North America, it is the color most commonly associated with mourning, the end, secrets, magic, force, violence, fear, evil, and elegance. 　Black is the most common ink color used for printing books, newspapers and documents, as it provides the highest contrast with white paper and thus is the easiest color to read. 　Similarly, black text on a white screen is the most common format used on computer screens. 　As of September 2019, the darkest material is made by MIT engineers from vertically aligned carbon nanotubes.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>black</b> | blæk | n. the quality or state of the achromatic color of least lightness (bearing the least resemblance to white)<br>n. British chemist who identified carbon dioxide and who formulated the concepts of specific heat and latent heat (1728-1799)<br>n. popular child actress of the 1930's (born in 1928)<br>n. a person with dark skin who comes from Africa (or whose ancestors came from Africa) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black>n. 黑色, 黑颜料<br>a. 黑色的</a> |  |  | 3.56
<b>color</b> | 'kʌlә | n. a visual attribute of things that results from the light they emit or transmit or reflect<br>n. interest and variety and intensity<br>n. the timbre of a musical sound | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/color>n. 颜色, 面色, 颜料, 外貌<br>vt. 把...涂上颜色, 粉饰, 使脸红, 歪曲<br>vi. 变色</a> |  |  | 4.19
<b>absence</b> | 'æbsәns | n. the state of being absent<br>n. failure to be present<br>n. the time interval during which something or somebody is away<br>n. the occurrence of an abrupt, transient loss or impairment of consciousness (which is not subsequently remembered), sometimes with light twitching, fluttering eyelids, etc.; common in petit mal epilepsy | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/absence>n. 缺席, 缺乏, 没有<br>[医] 失神</a> | -ance, -ence, -ency, -ancy |  | 4.54
<b>complete</b> | kәm'pli:t | v. come or bring to a finish or an end; others finished in over 4 hours"<br>v. bring to a whole, with all the necessary parts or elements<br>v. complete a pass<br>v. write all the required information onto a form | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/complete>a. 完全的, 十足的, 完成的<br>vt. 完成, 完工, 使圆满</a> | com- |  | 3.99
<b>absorption</b> | әb'sɒ:pʃәn | n. (chemistry) a process in which one substance permeates another; a fluid permeates or is dissolved by a liquid or solid<br>n. (physics) the process in which incident radiated energy is retained without reflection or transmission on passing through a medium | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/absorption>n. 吸收, 专心, 全神贯注<br>[化] 吸收; 吸收作用</a> |  |  | 4.80
<b>visible</b> | 'vizәbl | a. capable of being seen; or open to easy view<br>s. obvious to the eye<br>s. present and easily available | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/visible>a. 看得见的, 明显的, 显然的<br>n. 可见物</a> | -able, -ible, -ble |  | 4.53
<b>light</b> | lait | n. (physics) electromagnetic radiation that can produce a visual sensation<br>n. any device serving as a source of illumination<br>n. a particular perspective or aspect of a situation<br>n. an illuminated area | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/light>n. 光, 光亮, 灯, 日光, 发光体, 光源, 杰出人物, 火花, 眼光<br>a. 轻的, 少量的, 轻微的, 轻快的, 轻浮的, 明亮的, 淡色的, 容易的<br>vt. 点燃, 照亮<br>vi. 点着, 变亮, 突降, 偶然碰到<br>adv. 轻地</a> |  |  | 3.64
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Body_(biology)>Body (biology)</a> 
<font size=3>
A body (Latin: corpus) is the physical material of an organism. 　It is only used for organisms which are in one part or whole. 　There are organisms which change from single cells to whole organisms: for example, slime molds. 　For them the term 'body' would mean the multicellular stage. 　Other uses: Plant body: plants are modular , with modules being created by meristems and the body generally consisting of both the shoot system and the root system, with the body's development being influenced by its environment. 　Cell body: here it may be used for cells like neurons which have long axons (nerve fibres). 　The cell body is the part with the nucleus in it. 　The body of a dead person is also called a corpse or cadaver. 　The dead bodies of vertebrate animals and insects are sometimes called carcasses. 　The human body has a head, neck, torso, two arms, two legs and the genitals of the groin, which differ between males and females. 　The branch of biology dealing with the study of the bodies and their specific structural features called morphology. 　Anatomy is a branch of morphology that deals with the structure of the body at a level higher than tissue. 　Anatomy is closely related to histology, which studies the structure of tissues, as well as cytology, which studies the structure and function of the individual cells, from which the tissues and organs of the studied macroorganism are built. 　Taken together, anatomy, histology, cytology and embryology represent a morphology The study of functions and mechanisms in a body is physiology.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>corpus</b> | 'kɒ:pәs | n. a collection of writings<br>n. the main part of an organ or other bodily structure | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corpus>n. (事物的)主体, 文集, 本金, 语料库<br>[医] 体</a> | corp, corpo, corpor, corpus |  | 5.06
<b>physical</b> | 'fizikl | a. involving the body as distinguished from the mind or spirit<br>a. relating to the sciences dealing with matter and energy; especially physics<br>s. having substance or material existence; perceptible to the senses<br>s. according with material things or natural laws (other than those peculiar to living matter) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/physical>a. 身体的, 物质的, 自然的, 物理学的, 好色的<br>n. 体格检查</a> | -ic |  | 4.06
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Century>Century</a> 
<font size=3>
A century is a period of 100 years. 　Centuries are numbered ordinally in English and many other languages. 　The word century comes from the Latin centum, meaning one hundred. 　Century is sometimes abbreviated as c. 　A centennial or centenary is a hundredth anniversary, or a celebration of this, typically the remembrance of an event which took place a hundred years earlier. 　A century from now will be 09:33, 13 February 2123.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>century</b> | 'sentʃuri | n. a period of 100 years | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/century>n. 世纪, 百年</a> | cent, centi |  | 3.57
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/College>College</a> 
<font size=3>
A college (Latin: collegium) is an educational institution or a constituent part of one. 　A college may be a degree-awarding tertiary educational institution, a part of a collegiate or federal university, an institution offering vocational education, or a secondary school. 　In most of the world, a college may be a high school or secondary school, a college of further education, a training institution that awards trade qualifications, a higher-education provider that does not have university status (often without its own degree-awarding powers), or a constituent part of a university. 　In the United States, a college may offer undergraduate programs – either as an independent institution or as the undergraduate program of a university – or it may be a residential college of a university or a community college, referring to (primarily public) higher education institutions that aim to provide affordable and accessible education, usually limited to two-year associate degrees. 　The word is generally also used as a synonym for a university in the US. 　Colleges in countries such as France, Belgium, and Switzerland provide secondary education.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>college</b> | 'kɒlidʒ | n. the body of faculty and students of a college<br>n. an institution of higher education created to educate and grant degrees; often a part of a university<br>n. a complex of buildings in which an institution of higher education is housed | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/college>n. 学院, 大学, 学会</a> |  |  | 3.57
<b>collegium</b> | kә'li:dʒiәm |  | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/collegium>n. (苏维埃)委员会<br>[法] 官方团体, 委员会, 学院</a> |  |  | 6.03
<b>constituent</b> | kәn'stitjuәnt | n. a member of a constituency; a citizen who is represented in a government by officials for whom he or she votes<br>n. (grammar) a word or phrase or clause forming part of a larger grammatical construction<br>s. constitutional in the structure of something (especially your physical makeup) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constituent>n. 成分, 选民, 构成物<br>a. 构成的, 组织的, 选举的</a> |  |  | 5.11
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Water>Water</a> 
<font size=3>
Water is an inorganic compound with the chemical formula H2O. 　It is a transparent, tasteless, odorless, and nearly colorless chemical substance, which is the main constituent of Earth's hydrosphere and the fluids of all known living organisms (in which it acts as a solvent). 　It is vital for all known forms of life, despite not providing food, energy or organic micronutrients. 　Its chemical formula, H2O, indicates that each of its molecules contains one oxygen and two hydrogen atoms, connected by covalent bonds. 　The hydrogen atoms are attached to the oxygen atom at an angle of 104.45°. 　"Water" is also the name of the liquid state of H2O at standard temperature and pressure. 　Because Earth's environment is relatively close to water's triple point, a number of natural states of water exist on earth. 　It forms precipitation in the form of rain and aerosols in the form of fog. 　Clouds consist of suspended droplets of water and ice, its solid state. 　When finely divided, crystalline ice may precipitate in the form of snow. 　The gaseous state of water is steam or water vapor. 　Water covers about 71% of the Earth's surface, with seas and oceans making up most of the water volume on earth (about 96.5%). 　Small portions of water occur as groundwater (1.7%), in the glaciers and the ice caps of Antarctica and Greenland (1.7%), and in the air as vapor, clouds (consisting of ice and liquid water suspended in air), and precipitation (0.001%). 　Water moves continually through the water cycle of evaporation, transpiration (evapotranspiration), condensation, precipitation, and runoff, usually reaching the sea. 　Water plays an important role in the world economy. 　Approximately 70% of the freshwater used by humans goes to agriculture. 　Fishing in salt and fresh water bodies has been, and continues to be, a major source of food for many parts of the world, providing 6.5% of global protein. 　Much of the long-distance trade of commodities (such as oil, natural gas, and manufactured products) is transported by boats through seas, rivers, lakes, and canals. 　Large quantities of water, ice, and steam are used for cooling and heating, in industry and homes. 　Water is an excellent solvent for a wide variety of substances both mineral and organic; as such it is widely used in industrial processes, and in cooking and washing. 　Water, ice and snow are also central to many sports and other forms of entertainment, such as swimming, pleasure boating, boat racing, surfing, sport fishing, diving, ice skating and skiing.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>inorganic</b> | .inɒ:'gænik | a. relating or belonging to the class of compounds not having a carbon basis<br>a. lacking the properties characteristic of living organisms | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/inorganic>a. 无机的, 无生物的, 非自然形成的<br>[医] 无机的</a> |  |  | 5.62
<b>compound</b> | kәm'paund | n. a whole formed by a union of two or more elements or parts<br>n. (chemistry) a substance formed by chemical union of two or more elements or ingredients in definite proportion by weight<br>n. an enclosure of residences and other building (especially in the Orient)<br>v. put or add together | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/compound>n. 混合物, 复合词, 化合物, 院子<br>a. 复合的, 混合的, 化合的<br>vi. 化合, 和解, 妥协<br>vt. 使复合, 使化合</a> | pos, -pose, pon, -pone, -pound |  | 4.72
<b>chemical</b> | 'kemikl | n. material produced by or used in a reaction involving changes in atoms or molecules<br>a. relating to or used in chemistry<br>a. of or made from or using substances produced by or used in reactions involving atomic or molecular changes | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chemical>n. 化学药品<br>a. 化学的, 化学上用的</a> | -al2, -ial, -ual |  | 4.37
<b>formula</b> | 'fɒ:mjulә | n. a group of symbols that make a mathematical statement<br>n. a conventionalized statement expressing some fundamental principle<br>n. a representation of a substance using symbols for its constituent elements<br>n. a liquid food for infants | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/formula>n. 客套语, 公式, 准则<br>[计] 公式</a> | form |  | 4.43
<b>H</b> | eitʃ | n. the 8th letter of the Roman alphabet | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/H>[计] 硬件, 高度, 水平, 主机<br>[医] 氢(1号元素), 亨[利](电感单位)</a> |  |  | 3.72
<b>O</b> | әu | n. the 15th letter of the Roman alphabet<br>n. the blood group whose red cells carry neither the A nor B antigens | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/O>interj. 啊, 唉, 哎呀, 哦<br>n. 零<br>[计] 操作, 运算, 输出</a> |  |  | 3.50
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Building>Building</a> 
<font size=3>
A building, or edifice, is an enclosed structure with a roof and walls standing more or less permanently in one place, such as a house or factory (although there's also portable buildings). 　Buildings come in a variety of sizes, shapes, and functions, and have been adapted throughout history for a wide number of factors, from building materials available, to weather conditions, land prices, ground conditions, specific uses, prestige, and aesthetic reasons. 　To better understand the term building compare the list of nonbuilding structures. 　Buildings serve several societal needs – primarily as shelter from weather, security, living space, privacy, to store belongings, and to comfortably live and work. 　A building as a shelter represents a physical division of the human habitat (a place of comfort and safety) and the outside (a place that at times may be harsh and harmful). 　Ever since the first cave paintings, buildings have also become objects or canvasses of much artistic expression. 　In recent years, interest in sustainable planning and building practices has also become an intentional part of the design process of many new buildings and other structures.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>edifice</b> | 'edifis | n a structure that has a roof and walls and stands more or less permanently in one place | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/edifice>n. 大厦, 大建筑物</a> |  |  | 5.79
<b>enclosed</b> | in'klәuzd | a. closed in or surrounded or included within | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enclosed>a. 被附上的<br>[经] 附上, 内附</a> |  | enclose | 5.05
<b>roof</b> | ru:f | n. a protective covering that covers or forms the top of a building<br>n. protective covering on top of a motor vehicle<br>n. the inner top surface of a covered area or hollow space<br>v. provide a building with a roof; cover a building with a roof | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/roof>n. 屋顶, 室顶<br>vt. 给...盖屋顶, 遮蔽</a> |  |  | 4.41
<b>standing</b> | 'stændiŋ | n. social or financial or professional status or reputation<br>n. an ordered listing of scores or results showing the relative positions of competitors (individuals or teams) in a sporting event<br>n. the act of assuming or maintaining an erect upright position<br>s. having a supporting base | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/standing>n. 起立, 持续, 身分<br>a. 立着的, 不动的, 经常的, 持续的</a> |  | stand | 4.06
<b>more</b> | mɒ: | n. English statesman who opposed Henry VIII's divorce from Catherine of Aragon and was imprisoned and beheaded; recalled for his concept of Utopia, the ideal state<br>a. (comparative of `much' used with mass nouns) a quantifier meaning greater in size or amount or extent or degree<br>a. (comparative of `many' used with count nouns) quantifier meaning greater in number<br>r. used to form the comparative of some adjectives and adverbs | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/more>n. 更多<br>a. 多的, 程度较大的, 更大的<br>adv. 多, 更多, 进一步<br>[计] DOS外部命令:显示满屏后自动暂停, 并显示:"--More--", 按任意键继续</a> |  |  | 2.97
<b>less</b> | les | a. (comparative of `little' usually used with mass nouns) a quantifier meaning not as great in amount or degree<br>s. (usually preceded by `no') lower in quality<br>s. (nonstandard in some uses but often idiomatic with measure phrases) fewer<br>r. used to form the comparative of some adjectives and adverbs | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/less>n. 较少, 较小<br>a. 少的, 小的<br>adv. 较少, 较小, 较差<br>[计] 最低成本估算与调度法</a> |  | les | 3.79
<b>permanently</b> | 'p\\\\:mәntli | r. for a long time without essential change | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/permanently>adv. 永久, 不变, 持久<br>[计] 永久性的</a> |  |  | 4.91
<b>place</b> | pleis | n. any area set aside for a particular purpose<br>n. an abstract mental location<br>n. a general vicinity<br>n. a particular situation | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/place>n. 地方, 地点, 位置, 住所, 座位, 地位, 处境, 特权, 空间, 余地, 职务, 位<br>vt. 放置, 寄予, 认出, 评定, 任命<br>vi. 名次列前</a> |  |  | 3.40
<b>factory</b> | 'fæktәri | n. a plant consisting of one or more buildings with facilities for manufacturing | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/factory>n. 工厂, 产生地, 代理店<br>[经] 工厂, 代理店, 商行在国外的代理处</a> | fac, fic, fec, fact, fect |  | 4.47
<b>although</b> | ɒ:l'ðou | conj. Grant all this; be it that; supposing that;<br> notwithstanding; though. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/although>conj. 虽然, 尽管</a> |  |  | 3.61
<b>there</b> | ðєә | n. a location other than here; that place<br>r. in or at that place<br>r. in that matter<br>r. to or toward that place; away from the speaker | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/there>adv. 在那里</a> |  |  | 2.89
<b>portable</b> | 'pɒ:tәbl | n. a small light typewriter; usually with a case in which it can be carried<br>a. easily or conveniently transported<br>s. of a motor designed to be attached to the outside of a boat's hull | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/portable>a. 可携带的, 可搬运的, 可移动的<br>[计] 可移植的</a> | -able, -ible, -ble |  | 5.18
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Given>Given</a> 
<font size=3>
Look up given, Given, or ȝiven in Wiktionary, the free dictionary. 　A given is a statement or a condition assumed to be true or known, often to explain or give an example of something; for related topics, see: Presumption (in law) Axiom (in formal logic) Givenness (in discourse) Conditional probability, usually expressed using the term "given" Given may also refer to:
</font>

<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/River>River</a> 
<font size=3>
A river is a natural flowing watercourse, usually freshwater stream, flowing on the surface or inside caves towards another waterbody at a lower elevation, such as an ocean, sea, bay, lake, wetland or another river. 　In some cases, a river flows into the ground or becomes dry at the end of its course without reaching another body of water. 　Small rivers can be referred to using names such as creek, brook and rivulet. 　There are no official definitions for the generic term river as applied to geographic features, although in some countries or communities a stream is defined by its size. 　Many names for small rivers are specific to geographic location; examples are "run" in some parts of the United States, "burn" in Scotland and Northeast England, and "beck" in Northern England. 　Sometimes a river is defined as being larger than a creek, but not always: the language is vague. 　Rivers are an important part of the water cycle. 　Water from a drainage basin generally collects into a river through surface runoff from precipitation, meltwater released from natural ice and snowpacks, and other underground sources such as groundwater recharge and springs. 　Rivers are often considered major features within a landscape; however, they actually only cover around 0.1% of the land on Earth. 　Rivers are also an important natural terraformer, as the erosive action of running water with carve out rills, gullies and valleys in the surface, as well as transferring silt and dissolved minerals downstream, forming river deltas and islands where the flow slows down. 　As a waterbody, rivers also serve crucial ecological functions by providing and feeding habitats for aquatic and semiaquatic animals and plants, especially for migratory fish species. 　Rivers are significant to mankind since many human settlements and civilizations are built around sizeable rivers and streams. 　Most of the major cities of the world are situated on the banks of rivers, as they are (or were) depended upon as a vital source of drinking water, for food supply via fishing and agricultural irrigation, for shipping, as natural borders and/or defensive terrains, as a source of hydropower to drive machinery or generate electricity, for bathing, and as a means of disposing of waste. 　In the pre-industrial era, larger rivers were a major obstacle to movement of people, goods, and armies across regions. 　Towns often developed at the few locations suitable for fording, to build bridges or to support ports, and many major cities such as London are located at the narrowest and most reliable site at which a river could be crossed via bridges or ferries. 　In Earth science disciplines, potamology is the scientific study of rivers, while limnology is the study of inland waters in general.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>river</b> | 'rivә | n. a large natural stream of water (larger than a creek) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/river>n. 河, 江<br>[法] 河流, 江河, 内河</a> |  |  | 3.59
<b>flowing</b> | flәuiŋ | n the motion characteristic of fluids (liquids or gases)<br>v move or progress freely as if in a stream<br>v move along, of liquids<br>v cause to flow<br>v be abundantly present<br>v fall or flow in a certain way<br>v cover or swamp with water<br>v undergo menstruation<br>s designed or arranged to offer the least resistant to fluid flow | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flowing>a. 流动的, 如流的, 平滑的</a> |  | flow | 4.90
<b>freshwater</b> | 'freʃwɔ:tә(r) | n water that is not salty | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freshwater>a. 江河湖泊的, 淡水的</a> |  |  | 5.15
<b>stream</b> | stri:m | n. a natural body of running water flowing on or under the earth<br>n. dominant course (suggestive of running water) of successive events or ideas<br>n. something that resembles a flowing stream in moving continuously<br>v. to extend, wave or float outward, as if in the wind | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stream>n. 水流, 小河, 流出, 趋势, 人潮<br>vt. 流出, 流动, 展开<br>vi. 流, 涌, 飘扬<br>[计] 流</a> |  |  | 4.50
<b>inside</b> | 'in'said | n. the region that is inside of something<br>n. the inner or enclosed surface of something<br>a. relating to or being on the side closer to the center or within a defined space<br>s. being or applying to the inside of a building | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/inside>n. 内部, 内脏, 内幕<br>a. 内部的, 秘密的, 户内的<br>adv. 在里面<br>prep. 在...之内</a> |  |  | 3.80
<b>caves</b> | keivz | n a geological formation consisting of an underground enclosure with access from the surface of the ground or from the sea<br>v hollow out as if making a cave or opening<br>v explore natural caves | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/caves>n. 咖啡馆, 小餐厅( cafe的名词复数 ); 洞穴( cave的名词复数 )</a> |  | cave | 5.08
<b>towards</b> | tә'wɔ:dz | prep. In the direction of; to.<br>prep. With direction to, in a moral sense; with respect or<br> reference to; regarding; concerning.<br>prep. Tending to; in the direction of; in behalf of.<br>prep. Near; about; approaching to.<br>adv. Near; at hand; in state of preparation.<br>prep. & adv. See Toward. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/towards>prep. 向, 对于, 为了</a> |  |  | 3.90
<b>lower</b> | 'lәuә | v. move something or somebody to a lower position<br>v. set lower<br>v. cause to drop or sink | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lower>a. 低的, 下级的, 下层的<br>vi. 降低, 跌落, 减弱<br>vt. 放下, 降下, 减弱, 贬低</a> |  | low | 3.88
<b>elevation</b> | .eli'veiʃәn | n. the event of something being raised upward<br>n. angular distance above the horizon (especially of a celestial object)<br>n. distance of something above a reference point (such as sea level) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elevation>n. 海拔, 提高, 仰角<br>[计] 仰角</a> | -ation |  | 4.77
<b>ocean</b> | 'әuʃәn | n. a large body of water constituting a principal part of the hydrosphere<br>n. anything apparently limitless in quantity or volume | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ocean>n. 海洋, 广阔, 许多, 一大片<br>[法] 海洋, 海</a> |  |  | 4.34
<b>sea</b> | si: | n. a division of an ocean or a large body of salt water partially enclosed by land<br>n. turbulent water with swells of considerable size | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sea>n. 海, 海洋, 海浪, 大量<br>[法] 海, 海洋</a> |  |  | 3.88
<b>bay</b> | bei | n. an indentation of a shoreline larger than a cove but smaller than a gulf<br>n. the sound of a hound on the scent<br>n. a compartment on a ship between decks; often used as a hospital<br>n. a compartment in an aircraft used for some specific purpose | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bay>n. 海湾, 狗吠声, 月桂<br>vt. 吠, 使走投无路<br>vi. 吠</a> |  |  | 4.07
<b>lake</b> | leik | n. a body of (usually fresh) water surrounded by land<br>n. a purplish red pigment prepared from lac or cochineal<br>n. any of numerous bright translucent organic pigments | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lake>n. 湖, 池, 色淀<br>v. (使)血球溶解</a> |  |  | 3.91
<b>wetland</b> | 'wetlænd | n. a low area where the land is saturated with water | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wetland>n. 湿地, 沼泽地<br>[经] 湿地</a> |  |  | 5.53
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/York>York</a> 
<font size=3>
York is a cathedral city in North Yorkshire, England, with Roman origins, sited at the confluence of the rivers Ouse and Foss. 　It is the historic county town of Yorkshire. 　The city has many historic buildings and other structures, such as a minster, castle, and city walls. 　It is the largest settlement and the administrative centre of the wider City of York district. 　The city was founded under the name of Eboracum in 71 AD. 　It then became the capital of the Roman province of Britannia Inferior, and later of the kingdoms of Deira, Northumbria, and Scandinavian York. 　In the Middle Ages, it became the northern England ecclesiastical province's centre, and grew as a wool-trading centre. 　In the 19th century, it became a major railway network hub and confectionery manufacturing centre. 　During the Second World War, part of the Baedeker Blitz bombed the city; it was less affected by the war than other northern cities, with several historic buildings being gutted and restored up to the 1960s. 　The city is one of 15 in England to have a lord mayor, and one of two to have The Right Honourable title affixed, the other being London's. 　Historic governance of the city was as a county corporate, not included in the county's riding system. 　The city has since been covered by a municipal borough, county borough, and since 1996 a non-metropolitan district (the City of York), which also includes surrounding villages and rural areas, and the town of Haxby. 　The current district's local council is responsible for providing all local services and facilities throughout this area. 　The city had a population of 153,717 in the 2011 census; the wider district had a population of 198,100. 　According to 2021[update] census data, the wider district has a population of 202,800, a 2.4% increase compared to the 2011 census.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>york</b> | jɔ:k | n. the English royal house (a branch of the Plantagenet line) that reigned from 1461 to 1485; its emblem was a white rose | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/york>n. 约克郡；约克王朝</a> |  |  | 3.59
<b>cathedral</b> | kә'θi:drәl | n. any large and important church<br>n. the principal Christian church building of a bishop's diocese<br>a. relating to or containing or issuing from a bishop's office or throne | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cathedral>n. 大教堂</a> | cata- |  | 4.49
<b>North</b> | nɒ:θ | n. the region of the United States lying to the north of the Mason-Dixon line<br>n. the cardinal compass point that is at 0 or 360 degrees<br>n. a location in the northern part of a country, region, or city<br>n. the direction corresponding to the northward cardinal compass point | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/North>n. 北方, 北<br>a. 北的, 北方的<br>adv. 向北方, 在北方</a> |  |  | 3.40
<b>Yorkshire</b> | 'jɔ:kʃә | n. a former large county in northern England; in 1974 it was divided into three smaller counties | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yorkshire>n. 约克郡, 约克王朝</a> |  |  | 4.79
<b>England</b> | 'iŋglәnd | n. a division of the United Kingdom | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/England>n. 英格兰<br>[法] 英格兰, 英国</a> |  |  | 3.82
<b>Roman</b> | 'rәumәn | n. a resident of modern Rome<br>n. an inhabitant of the ancient Roman Empire<br>n. a typeface used in ancient Roman inscriptions | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roman>n. 罗马人<br>a. 罗马人的, 罗马的</a> |  |  | 4.09
<b>confluence</b> | 'kɒnfluәns | n. a place where things merge or flow together (especially rivers)<br>n. a flowing together | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/confluence>n. 合流, 合流点, 集合, 人群<br>[医] 融合, 汇合</a> | con- |  | 5.23
<b>foss</b> | fɔs | n an officer holding the rank of major or lieutenant colonel or colonel | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foss>n. 壕坑, 城河</a> |  |  | 6.01
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Room>Room</a> 
<font size=3>
In a building or large vehicle, like a ship, a room is any enclosed space within a number of walls to which entry is possible only via a door or other dividing structure that connects it to either a passageway, another room, or the outdoors, that is large enough for several people to move about, and whose size, fixtures, furnishings, and sometimes placement within the building or ship support the activity to be conducted in it.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>large</b> | lɑ:dʒ | n. a garment size for a large person<br>a. above average in size or number or quantity or magnitude or extent<br>s. fairly large or important in effect; influential<br>s. having broad power and range and scope | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/large>a. 大的, 大量的, 宽大的, 广博的<br>adv. 大大地, 夸大地</a> |  |  | 3.46
<b>vehicle</b> | 'vi:ikl | n. a conveyance that transports people or objects<br>n. a medium for the expression or achievement of something<br>n. any substance that facilitates the use of a drug or pigment or other material that is mixed with it | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vehicle>n. 交通工具, 车辆, 传播媒介<br>[化] 载体; 运载体; 漆料</a> |  |  | 4.36
<b>ship</b> | ʃip | n. a vessel that carries passengers or freight<br>v. hire for work on a ship<br>v. travel by ship<br>v. place on board a ship | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ship>n. 船, 舰<br>vt. 以船运送, 装船, 运送<br>vi. 上船, 乘船</a> |  |  | 4.00
<b>room</b> | ru:m | n. an area within a building enclosed by walls and floor and ceiling<br>n. space for movement<br>n. opportunity for<br>n. the people who are present in a room | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/room>n. 房间, 空位, 场所<br>vi. 住宿, 居住<br>vt. 留宿</a> |  |  | 3.60
<b>within</b> | wi'ðin | r on the inside | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/within>n. 内部, 里头<br>adv. 在内部, 在内心里<br>prep. 在...之内</a> | with- |  | 3.49
<b>entry</b> | 'entri | n. an item inserted in a written record<br>n. a written record of a commercial transaction | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/entry>n. 登录, 条目, 进入, 入口, 报关<br>[计] 登录项, 输入项, 条目</a> |  |  | 4.37
<b>only</b> | 'әunli | r. with nevertheless the final result<br>r. in the final outcome<br>r. except that; only this time she came out better"<br>r. never except when | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/only>a. 唯一的, 仅有的, 最佳的<br>adv. 只有, 仅仅, 只能<br>conj. 但是, 不过</a> |  |  | 3.04
<b>via</b> | vaiә | n. A road way.<br>prep. By the way of; as, to send a letter via Queenstown to<br> London. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/via>prep. 经由, 经过, 通过<br>[医] 病毒灭活剂</a> |  |  | 3.95
<b>door</b> | dɒ: | n. a swinging or sliding barrier that will close the entrance to a room or building or vehicle<br>n. anything providing a means of access (or escape)<br>n. a structure where people live or work (usually ordered along a street or road)<br>n. a room that is entered via a door | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/door>n. 门</a> |  |  | 3.66
<b>dividing</b> | di'vaidiŋ | v separate into parts or portions<br>v perform a division<br>v act as a barrier between; stand between<br>v come apart<br>v make a division or separation<br>v force, take, or pull apart | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dividing>[机] 分度</a> |  | divide | 5.28
<b>connects</b> | kəˈnekts | v connect, fasten, or put together two or more pieces<br>v make a logical or causal connection<br>v be or become joined or united or linked<br>v join by means of communication equipment<br>v land on or hit solidly<br>v join for the purpose of communication<br>v be scheduled so as to provide continuing service, as in transportation<br>v establish a rapport or relationship<br>v establish communication with someone<br>v plug into an outlet<br>v hit or play a ball successfully | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/connects>v. 连接( connect的第三人称单数 ); 把…看作有关联; 由…联想到; 给…接通电话</a> |  | connect | 4.90
<b>passageway</b> | 'pæsidʒwei | n. a passage between rooms or between buildings | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/passageway>n. 通道, 走廊</a> |  |  | 5.76
<b>outdoors</b> | 'aut'dɒ:z | n. where the air is unconfined | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/outdoors>n. 户外, 野外活动<br>adv. 在户外, 在野外</a> |  | outdoor | 5.52
<b>enough</b> | i'nʌf | n. an adequate quantity; a quantity that is large enough to achieve a purpose<br>r. as much as necessary; (`plenty' is nonstandard) "I've had plenty, thanks" | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enough>n. 充足, 够, 很多<br>a. 充足的, 足够<br>adv. 足够<br>interj. 够了</a> |  |  | 3.72
<b>move</b> | mu:v | n. the act of deciding to do something<br>n. the act of changing your residence or place of business<br>n. (game) a player's turn to take some action permitted by the rules of the game<br>v. cause to move or shift into a new position or place, both in a concrete and in an abstract sense | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/move>n. 移动, 迁居, 步骤<br>vt. 移动, 开动, 感动, 搬(家)<br>vi. 移动, 离开, 运行, 迁移, 摇动, 搬家, 交往, 进展, 脱手<br>[计] 移动; 传送; DOS外部命令:移动文件, 它可将文件移动到指定的地方</a> |  |  | 3.91
<b>about</b> | ә'baut | s. on the move<br>r. all around or on all sides<br>r. in the area or vicinity<br>r. used of movement to or among many different places or in no particular direction | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/about>prep. 在...周围, 大约, 有关, 关于<br>adv. 大约, 四处, 在附近, 周围</a> |  |  | 2.99
<b>furnishings</b> | 'fә:niʃiŋz | n (usually plural) accessory wearing apparel<br>n (usually plural) the instrumentalities (furniture and appliances and other movable accessories including curtains and rugs) that make a home (or other area) livable<br>n the act of decorating a house or room<br>v give something useful or necessary to<br>v provide or equip with furniture | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/furnishings>n. 家具；供应；穿戴用品（furnishing的复数）</a> |  | furnishing | 5.63
<b>placement</b> | 'pleismәnt | n. the spatial property of the way in which something is placed<br>n. contact established between applicants and prospective employees<br>n. the act of putting something in a certain place | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/placement>n. 放置, 布置, 工作安排, 编班, 定位球<br>[计] 放置</a> |  |  | 5.07
<b>support</b> | sә'pɒ:t | n. the activity of providing for or maintaining by supplying with money or necessities<br>n. aiding the cause or policy or interests of<br>n. something providing immaterial assistance to a person or cause or interest<br>n. a military operation (often involving new supplies of men and materiel) to strengthen a military force or aid in the performance of its mission | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/support>n. 支持, 支撑, 援助, 供养, 支撑物<br>vt. 支援, 支撑, 帮助, 支持, 忍受, 供养, 证实<br>[计] 后援; 支持</a> | sup- |  | 3.71
<b>activity</b> | æk'tiviti | n. any specific behavior<br>n. (chemistry) the capacity of a substance to take part in a chemical reaction | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/activity>n. 活动, 行动, 活跃, 活力<br>[计] 活动</a> | act, ag |  | 4.23
<b>conducted</b> | kənˈdʌktɪd | imp. & p. p. of Conduct | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/conducted>vt. 实施; 为人; 指挥（军队, 乐队等）; [物]传导（热, 电等）<br>vt.& vi. 引导, 带领<br>vi. 指挥乐队<br>v. 引导（ conduct的过去式和过去分词 ）; 带领; 控制; 传导</a> |  | conduct | 4.29
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death>Death</a> 
<font size=3>
Death is the irreversible cessation of all biological functions that sustain an organism. 　For organisms with a brain, death can also be defined as the irreversible cessation of functioning of the whole brain, including brainstem, and brain death is sometimes used as a legal definition of death. 　The remains of a former organism normally begin to decompose shortly after death. 　Death is an inevitable process that eventually occurs in almost all organisms. 　Death is generally applied to whole organisms; the similar process seen in individual components of an organism, such as cells or tissues, is necrosis. 　Something that is not considered an organism, such as a virus, can be physically destroyed, but is not said to die. 　As of the early 21st century, over 150,000 humans die each day, with ageing being by far the most common cause of death.　[citation needed] Many cultures and religions have the idea of an afterlife, and also may hold the idea of judgement of good and bad deeds in one's life (heaven, hell, karma).
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>death</b> | deθ | n. the event of dying or departure from life<br>n. the permanent end of all life functions in an organism or part of an organism<br>n. the absence of life or state of being dead<br>n. the time when something ends | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/death>n. 死亡<br>[医] 死亡</a> |  |  | 3.60
<b>cessation</b> | se'seiʃәn | n. a stopping | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cessation>n. 停止<br>[法] 中止, 中断, 停止</a> |  |  | 5.68
<b>all</b> | ɒ:l | a. quantifier; used with either mass or count nouns to indicate the whole number or amount of or every one of a class<br>s. completely given to or absorbed by | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/all>a. 所有的, 全部的, 一切的<br>adv. 全部, 全然<br>pron. 全部<br>n. 全部</a> |  |  | 2.80
<b>sustain</b> | sә'stein | v. supply with necessities and support<br>v. admit as valid | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sustain>vt. 承受, 支持, 供养, 继续, 忍受, 蒙受, 证实, 准许<br>[电] 持续</a> | sus- |  | 5.24
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data>Data</a> 
<font size=3>
In the pursuit of knowledge, data (US: /ˈdætə/; UK: /ˈdeɪtə/) is a collection of discrete values that convey information, describing quantity, quality, fact, statistics, other basic units of meaning, or simply sequences of symbols that may be further interpreted. 　A datum is an individual value in a collection of data. 　Data is usually organized into structures such as tables that provide additional context and meaning, and which may themselves be used as data in larger structures. 　Data may be used as variables in a computational process. 　Data may represent abstract ideas or concrete measurements. 　Data is commonly used in scientific research, economics, and in virtually every other form of human organizational activity. 　Examples of data sets include price indices (such as consumer price index), unemployment rates, literacy rates, and census data. 　In this context, data represents the raw facts and figures which can be used in such a manner in order to capture the useful information out of it. 　Data is collected using techniques such as measurement, observation, query, or analysis, and typically represented as numbers or characters which may be further processed. 　Field data are data that is collected in an uncontrolled in-situ environment. 　Experimental data is data that is generated in the course of a controlled scientific experiment. 　Data is analyzed using techniques such as calculation, reasoning, discussion, presentation, visualization, or other forms of post-analysis. 　Prior to analysis, raw data (or unprocessed data) is typically cleaned: Outliers are removed and obvious instrument or data entry errors are corrected. 　Data can be seen as the smallest units of factual information that can be used as a basis for calculation, reasoning, or discussion. 　Data can range from abstract ideas to concrete measurements, including but not limited to, statistics. 　Thematically connected data presented in some relevant context can be viewed as information. 　Contextually connected pieces of information can then be described as data insights or intelligence. 　The stock of insights and intelligence that accumulates over time resulting from the synthesis of data into information, can then be described as knowledge. 　Data has been described as "the new oil of the digital economy". 　Data, as a general concept, refers to the fact that some existing information or knowledge is represented or coded in some form suitable for better usage or processing. 　Advances in computing technologies have led to the advent of big data, which usually refers to very large quantities of data, usually at the petabyte scale. 　Using traditional data analysis methods and computing, working with such large (and growing) datasets is difficult, even impossible. 　(Theoretically speaking, infinite data would yield infinite information, which would render extracting insights or intelligence impossible.) 　In response, the relatively new field of data science uses machine learning (and other artificial intelligence (AI)) methods that allow for efficient applications of analytic methods to big data.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>pursuit</b> | pә'sju:t | n. the act of pursuing in an effort to overtake or capture<br>n. a search for an alternative that meets cognitive criteria | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pursuit>n. 追踪, 追求, 追赶, 娱乐, 职业<br>[法] 追捕, 追求</a> |  |  | 4.92
<b>knowledge</b> | 'nɒlidʒ | n the psychological result of perception and learning and reasoning | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/knowledge>n. 知识, 学问, 认识, 知道</a> |  | knowledge | 4.08
<b>data</b> | 'deitә | n. a collection of facts from which conclusions may be drawn | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/data>pl. 资料, 数据<br>[计] 数据; DOS内部命令:用于显示或设定系统的日期</a> | don, donat, dat | datum | 3.60
<b>us</b> | ʌs | n North American republic containing 50 states - 48 conterminous states in North America plus Alaska in northwest North America and the Hawaiian Islands in the Pacific Ocean; achieved independence in 1776<br>n a base containing nitrogen that is found in RNA (but not in DNA) and derived from pyrimidine; pairs with adenine<br>n a heavy toxic silvery-white radioactive metallic element; occurs in many isotopes; used for nuclear fuels and nuclear weapons<br>n the 21st letter of the Roman alphabet | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/us>pron. 我们<br>[经] 美国</a> |  | u | 3.33
<b>UK</b> | ju: 'kei | n a monarchy in northwestern Europe occupying most of the British Isles; divided into England and Scotland and Wales and Northern Ireland; `Great Britain' is often used loosely to refer to the United Kingdom | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UK>n. 联合王国</a> |  |  | 4.06
<b>discrete</b> | dis'kri:t | s. constituting a separate entity or part | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/discrete>a. 不连续的, 离散的<br>[计] 离散的</a> |  |  | 4.70
<b>convey</b> | kәn'vei | v. make known; pass on, of information<br>v. transfer to another<br>v. transmit a title or property | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convey>vt. 传达, 运输, 转让<br>[经] 转让(财产等), 搬运</a> |  |  | 5.27
<b>quantity</b> | 'kwɒntәti | n. an adequate or large amount<br>n. the concept that something has a magnitude and can be represented in mathematical expressions by a constant or a variable | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/quantity>n. 量, 数量, 总量<br>[计] 数量; 量</a> |  |  | 4.91
<b>fact</b> | fækt | n. a piece of information about circumstances that exist or events that have occurred<br>n. a statement or assertion of verified information about something that is the case or has happened<br>n. an event known to have happened or something known to have existed<br>n. a concept whose truth can be proved | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fact>n. 事实, 真实性, 真相, 细节, 论据</a> | fac, fic, fec, fact, fect |  | 3.86
<b>statistics</b> | stә'tistiks | n. a branch of applied mathematics concerned with the collection and interpretation of quantitative data and the use of probability theory to estimate population parameters | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/statistics>n. 统计学, 统计资料<br>[计] 统计信息</a> | -ics | statistic | 4.53
<b>basic</b> | 'beisik | n. a popular programming language that is relatively easy to learn; an acronym for beginner's all-purpose symbolic instruction code; no longer in general use<br>n. (usually plural) a necessary commodity for which demand is constant<br>a. pertaining to or constituting a base or basis<br>s. reduced to the simplest and most significant form possible without loss of generality | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/basic>n. 基本原理, 要素, 基本规律<br>a. 基本的, 碱性的<br>(计算机)BASIC语言</a> |  |  | 4.31
<b>meaning</b> | 'mi:niŋ | n. the message that is intended or expressed or signified<br>n. the idea that is intended<br>s. rich in significance or implication | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/meaning>n. 意义, 含义, 目的, 意图<br>a. 意味深长的</a> |  | mean | 4.16
<b>simply</b> | 'simpli | r. absolutely; altogether; really | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/simply>adv. 简单地, 只是, 简直, 简朴地, 坦白地</a> |  |  | 4.17
<b>sequences</b> | ˈsi:kwənsiz | n serial arrangement in which things follow in logical order or a recurrent pattern<br>n a following of one thing after another in time<br>n film consisting of a succession of related shots that develop a given subject in a movie<br>n the action of following in order<br>n several repetitions of a melodic phrase in different keys<br>v arrange in a sequence<br>v determine the order of constituents in | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sequences>n. 后果( sequence的名词复数 ); （纸牌中的）顺牌; 有关联的一组事物; （电影中表现同一主题或场面的）一组镜头</a> |  | sequence | 4.76
<b>further</b> | 'fә:ðә | s. more distant in especially degree<br>r. to or at a greater extent or degree or a more advanced stage (`further' is used more often than `farther' in this abstract sense)<br>r. in addition or furthermore; further, they should be here already" | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/further>a. 更远的, 此外的, 更多的<br>vt. 促进, 增进, 助长<br>adv. 更进一步地, 更远地, 此外</a> |  | far | 3.71
<b>interpreted</b> | inˈtə:pritid | s. understood in a certain way; made sense of | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/interpreted>v. 解释( interpret的过去式和过去分词 ); 理解; 把…理解为; 演绎（按自己的感觉演奏音乐或表现角色）</a> |  | interpret | 4.82
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Form>Form</a> 
<font size=3>
Look up Form, form, or -form in Wiktionary, the free dictionary. 　Form is the shape, visual appearance, or configuration of an object. 　In a wider sense, the form is the way something happens. 　Form may also refer to: Form (document), a document (printed or electronic) with spaces in which to write or enter data Form (education), a class, set, or group of students Form (religion), an academic term for prescriptions or norms on religious practice Form, a shallow depression or flattened nest of grass used by a hare Form, or rap sheet, slang for a criminal record
</font>

<br>



