## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Form_(zoology)>Form (zoology)</a> 
<font size=3>
In zoology, the word "form" or forma (literally Latin for form) is a strictly informal term that is sometimes used to describe organisms. 　Under the International Code of Zoological Nomenclature the term has no standing (it is not accepted). 　In other words, although form names are Latin, and are sometimes wrongly appended to a binomial name, in a zoological context, forms have no taxonomic significance at all.　[citation needed]
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>zoology</b> | zәu'ɒlәdʒi | n. the branch of biology that studies animals | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zoology>n. 动物学, 动物区系<br>[医] 动物学</a> | -logy, -ology |  | 5.60
<b>literally</b> | 'litәrәli | r. in a literal sense<br>r. (intensifier before a figurative expression) without exaggeration | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/literally>adv. 逐字地, 按照字面上地, 不夸张地</a> |  |  | 4.77
<b>strictly</b> | 'striktli | r. restricted to something<br>r. in a stringent manner | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/strictly>adv. 严格地, 确实地</a> |  |  | 4.88
<b>informal</b> | in'fɒ:mәl | a. not formal<br>s. not officially recognized or controlled<br>a. used of spoken and written language | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/informal>a. 非正式的, 不拘礼的, 通俗的<br>[经] 非正式的, 日常使用的</a> | in-2 |  | 5.12
<b>describe</b> | di'skraib | v. give a description of | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/describe>vt. 描述, 描绘, 画</a> | scrib, script |  | 4.36
<b>organisms</b> | 'ɔrgən,ɪzəm | n. a living thing that has (or can develop) the ability to act or function independently<br>n. a system considered analogous in structure or function to a living body | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/organisms>n. 有机物( organism的复数形式 ); 有机体; 生物; 有机体系</a> |  | organism | 5.07
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Named>Named</a> 
<font size=3>
Look up named in Wiktionary, the free dictionary. 　Named may refer to something that has been given a name. 　Named may also refer to: named (computing), a widely used DNS server Naming (parliamentary procedure) The Named (band), an American industrial metal group In literature: The Named, a fantasy novel by Marianne Curley The Named, a fictional race of prehistoric big cats, depicted in The Books of the Named series by Clare Bell
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>named</b> | neimd | v assign a specified (usually proper) proper name to<br>v give the name or identifying characteristics of; refer to by name or some other identifying characteristic property<br>v charge with a function; charge to be<br>v create and charge with a task or function<br>v mention and identify by name<br>v make reference to<br>v identify as in botany or biology, for example<br>v give or make a list of; name individually; give the names of<br>v determine or distinguish the nature of a problem or an illness through a diagnostic analysis | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/named>a. 被指名的, 指定的<br>[计] 命名的, 指定的, 有名的</a> |  | name | 3.61
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Court>Court</a> 
<font size=3>
A court is any person or institution, often as a government institution, with the authority to adjudicate legal disputes between parties and carry out the administration of justice in civil, criminal, and administrative matters in accordance with the rule of law. 　In both common law and civil law legal systems, courts are the central means for dispute resolution, and it is generally understood that all people have an ability to bring their claims before a court. 　Similarly, the rights of those accused of a crime include the right to present a defense before a court. 　The system of courts that interprets and applies the law is collectively known as the judiciary. 　The place where a court sits is known as a venue. 　The room where court proceedings occur is known as a courtroom, and the building as a courthouse; court facilities range from simple and very small facilities in rural communities to large complex facilities in urban communities. 　The practical authority given to the court is known as its jurisdiction (from Latin iūrisdictiō, from iūris, "of the law," + dīcō, "to declare," + -tiō, noun-forming suffix), the court's power to decide certain kinds of questions or petitions put to it. 　According to William Blackstone's Commentaries on the Laws of England, a court (for civil wrongs) is constituted by a minimum of three parties: the āctor or plaintiff, who complains of an injury done; the reus or defendant, who is called upon to make satisfaction for it; and the jūdex or judicial power, who is to examine the truth of the fact, determine the law arising upon that fact, and, if any injury appears to have been done, ascertain and by its officers apply a legal remedy. 　It is also usual in the superior courts to have barristers, and attorneys or counsel, as assistants, though, often, courts consist of additional barristers, bailiffs, reporters, and perhaps a jury. 　The term "the court" is also used to refer to the presiding officer or officials, usually one or more judges. 　The judge or panel of judges may also be collectively referred to as "the bench" (in contrast to attorneys and barristers, collectively referred to as "the bar"). 　In the United States, the legal authority of a court to take action is based on personal jurisdiction over the parties to the litigation and subject-matter jurisdiction over the claims asserted.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>court</b> | kɒ:t | n. an assembly (including one or more judges) to conduct judicial business<br>n. a room in which a lawcourt sits<br>n. the sovereign and his advisers who are the governing power of a state<br>n. a specially marked horizontal area within which a game is played | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/court>n. 法院, 庭院, 奉承<br>vt. 献殷勤, 追求, 招致<br>vi. 求爱</a> |  |  | 3.61
<b>often</b> | 'ɒ:fn | r. in many cases or instances | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/often>adv. 时常, 常常</a> |  |  | 3.65
<b>authority</b> | ɒ:'θɒriti | n. the power or right to give orders or make decisions<br>n. (usually plural) persons who exercise (administrative) control over others<br>n. an expert whose views are taken as definitive<br>n. official permission or approval | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/authority>n. 权力, 当权者, 当局, 权威, 专家<br>[经] 代理权, 授权, 权威</a> |  |  | 4.13
<b>adjudicate</b> | ә'dʒu:dikeit | v put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of<br>v bring to an end; settle conclusively | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adjudicate>v. 判决, 宣告, 裁定</a> | jud, jur, just |  | 6.43
<b>disputes</b> | disˈpju:ts | n a disagreement or argument about something important<br>n coming into conflict with<br>v take exception to<br>v have a disagreement over something | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/disputes>n. 辩论( dispute的名词复数 ); 争端; （劳资）纠纷; 罢工<br>v. 辩论, 争论( dispute的第三人称单数 ); 争夺; 阻止; 就…进行辩论</a> |  | dispute | 5.07
<b>carry</b> | 'kæri | n. the act of carrying something<br>v. have with oneself; have on one's person<br>v. serve as a means for expressing something<br>v. bear or be able to bear the weight, pressure,or responsibility of | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/carry>n. 进位, 射程, 运载<br>vt. 携带, 运送, 支持, 传送, 包含<br>vi. 被携带, 能达到<br>[计] 进位; 进位数</a> |  |  | 4.32
<b>out</b> | aut | n. (baseball) a failure by a batter or runner to reach a base safely in baseball<br>v. reveal (something) about somebody's identity or lifestyle<br>v. be made known; be disclosed or revealed<br>a. not allowed to continue to bat or run | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/out>a. 外面的, 熄灭的, 结束的<br>adv. 在外, 熄灭, 出现<br>prep. 出自, 离去, 向</a> |  |  | 2.88
<b>administration</b> | әd.mini'streiʃәn | n. a method of tending to or managing the affairs of a some group of people (especially the group's business affairs)<br>n. the persons (or committees or departments etc.) who make up a body for the purpose of administering something<br>n. the act of administering medication<br>n. the act of meting out justice according to the law | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/administration>n. 行政, 管理, 政府机关<br>[化] 给药</a> | minist, minst |  | 4.12
<b>justice</b> | 'dʒʌstis | n. the quality of being just or fair<br>n. judgment involved in the determination of rights and the assignment of rewards and punishments | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/justice>n. 正义, 公平, 公正, 正确, 司法, 审判</a> | jud, jur, just |  | 4.10
<b>civil</b> | 'sivәl | s. applying to ordinary citizens as contrasted with the military<br>a. not rude; marked by satisfactory (or especially minimal) adherence to social usages and sufficient but not noteworthy consideration for others<br>a. of or occurring within the state or between or among citizens of the state<br>a. of or relating to or befitting citizens as individuals | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/civil>a. 市民的, 公民的, 有礼貌的<br>[法] 公民的, 国民的, 民用的</a> | -ile, -il |  | 3.97
<b>criminal</b> | 'kriminәl | n. someone who has committed a crime or has been legally convicted of a crime<br>s. guilty of crime or serious offense<br>s. involving or being or having the nature of a crime | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/criminal>n. 罪犯, 犯人, 刑事<br>a. 犯了罪的, 刑事的, 有罪的</a> | -al2, -ial, -ual |  | 4.39
<b>accordance</b> | ә'kɒ:dәns | n. the act of granting rights | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/accordance>n. 一致, 和谐</a> |  |  | 4.78
<b>rule</b> | ru:l | n. a principle or condition that customarily governs behavior<br>n. prescribed guide for conduct or action<br>n. (linguistics) a rule describing (or prescribing) a linguistic practice<br>n. the duration of a monarch's or government's power | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rule>n. 规则, 统治, 控制, 支配, 规律, 标准, 章程, 破折号, 铅线<br>vt. 规定, 统治, 管理, 控制, 支配, 裁决<br>vi. 统治, 管辖, 裁定<br>[计] 规则, 水线</a> |  |  | 4.13
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/King>King</a> 
<font size=3>
King is the title given to a male monarch in a variety of contexts. 　The female equivalent is queen, which title is also given to the consort of a king, although in some cases, the title of King is given to females such as in the case of Mary, Queen of Hungary. 　In the context of prehistory, antiquity and contemporary indigenous peoples, the title may refer to tribal kingship. 　Germanic kingship is cognate with Indo-European traditions of tribal rulership (c.f. Indic rājan, Gothic reiks, and Old Irish rí, etc.). 　In the context of classical antiquity, king may translate in Latin as rex and in Greek as archon or basileus. 　In classical European feudalism, the title of king as the ruler of a kingdom is understood to be the highest rank in the feudal order, potentially subject, at least nominally, only to an emperor (harking back to the client kings of the Roman Republic and Roman Empire). 　In a modern context, the title may refer to the ruler of one of a number of modern monarchies (either absolute or constitutional). 　The title of king is used alongside other titles for monarchs: in the West, emperor, grand prince, prince, archduke, duke or grand duke, and in the Islamic world, malik, sultan, emir or hakim, etc. 　The city-states of the Aztec Empire had a Tlatoani, which were kings of pre-Hispanic Mesoamerica. 　The Huey Tlatoani was the emperor of the Aztecs. 　The term king may also refer to a king consort, a title that is sometimes given to the husband of a ruling queen, but the title of prince consort is more common.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>king</b> | kiŋ | n. a male sovereign; ruler of a kingdom<br>n. a competitor who holds a preeminent position<br>n. preeminence in a particular category or group or field<br>n. United States woman tennis player (born in 1943) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/king>n. 国王, 君主<br>vt. 使...成为君主<br>vi. 君临, 统治</a> |  |  | 3.61
<b>title</b> | 'taitl | n. a heading that names a statute or legislative bill; may give a brief summary of the matters it deals with<br>n. the name of a work of art or literary composition etc.<br>n. a general or descriptive heading for a section of a written work<br>n. an identifying appellation signifying status or function: e.g. `Mr.' or `General' | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/title>n. 头衔, 名称, 标题, 书名, 扉页, 权利, 资格, 冠军, 字幕<br>vt. 授予头衔, 加标题于<br>[计] 标题</a> |  |  | 3.79
<b>monarch</b> | 'mɒnәk | n. large migratory American butterfly having deep orange wings with black and white markings; the larvae feed on milkweed | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monarch>n. 帝王, 统治者, 元首<br>[医] 单原型(植)</a> | mon, mono |  | 5.09
<b>variety</b> | vә'raiәti | n. (biology) a taxonomic category consisting of members of a species that differ from others of the same species in minor but heritable characteristics<br>n. a difference that is usually pleasant | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/variety>n. 多样, 种类, 变种, 杂耍<br>[化] 变种</a> | var |  | 4.13
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History>History</a> 
<font size=3>
History (derived from Ancient Greek ἱστορία (historía) 'inquiry; knowledge acquired by investigation') is the systematic study and documentation of human activity. 　The time period of events before the invention of writing systems is considered prehistory. 　"History" is an umbrella term comprising past events as well as the memory, discovery, collection, organization, presentation, and interpretation of these events. 　Historians seek knowledge of the past using historical sources such as written documents, oral accounts, art and material artifacts, and ecological markers. 　History is not complete and still has debatable mysteries. 　History is also an academic discipline which uses narrative to describe, examine, question, and analyze past events, and investigate their patterns of cause and effect. 　Historians often debate which narrative best explains an event, as well as the significance of different causes and effects. 　Historians also debate the nature of history as an end in itself, as well as its usefulness to give perspective on the problems of the present. 　Stories common to a particular culture, but not supported by external sources (such as the tales surrounding King Arthur), are usually classified as cultural heritage or legends. 　History differs from myth in that it is supported by verifiable evidence. 　However, ancient cultural influences have helped spawn variant interpretations of the nature of history which have evolved over the centuries and continue to change today. 　The modern study of history is wide-ranging, and includes the study of specific regions and the study of certain topical or thematic elements of historical investigation. 　History is often taught as a part of primary and secondary education, and the academic study of history is a major discipline in university studies. 　Herodotus, a 5th-century BC Greek historian, is often considered the "father of history" (as he was one of the first historians) in the Western tradition, although he has also been criticized as the "father of lies". 　Along with his contemporary Thucydides, he helped form the foundations for the modern study of past events and societies. 　Their works continue to be read today, and the gap between the culture-focused Herodotus and the military-focused Thucydides remains a point of contention or approach in modern historical writing. 　In East Asia, a state chronicle, the Spring and Autumn Annals, was reputed to date from as early as 722 BC, although only 2nd-century BC texts have survived.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>history</b> | 'histәri | n. the aggregate of past events<br>n. a record or narrative description of past events<br>n. the discipline that records and interprets past events involving human beings<br>n. the continuum of events occurring in succession leading from the past to the present and even into the future | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history>n. 历史, 过去, 经历, 发展过程, 历史学, 过去的事, 历史记录<br>[计] 历史记录</a> |  |  | 3.61
<b>inquiry</b> | in'kwaiәri | n. a search for knowledge<br>n. a systematic investigation of a matter of public interest | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/inquiry>n. 质询, 探索, 调查, 询盘<br>[计] 询问; 查询</a> | -y2 |  | 4.89
<b>acquired</b> | ә'kwaiәd | s. gotten through environmental forces | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/acquired>a. 获得的, 后天的<br>[医] 获得的, 后天的</a> |  | acquire | 4.25
<b>investigation</b> | in.vesti'geiʃәn | n. the work of inquiring into something thoroughly and systematically | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/investigation>n. 调查, 审查<br>[医] 调查, 调查研究</a> |  |  | 4.34
<b>systematic</b> | .sisti'mætik | a. characterized by order and planning | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/systematic>a. 有系统的, 分类上的, 体系的<br>[医] 系统的, 系的, 分类的</a> |  |  | 4.77
<b>study</b> | 'stʌdi | n. applying the mind to learning and understanding a subject (especially by reading)<br>n. a state of deep mental absorption<br>n. a room used for reading and writing and studying<br>n. someone who memorizes quickly and easily (as the lines for a part in a play) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/study>n. 学习, 研究, 学科, 论文, 求学, 书房, 试作<br>vt. 学习, 读书, 研究, 考虑, 计划<br>vi. 学习, 思索</a> |  |  | 3.65
<b>documentation</b> | .dɒkjumen'teiʃәn | n. confirmation that some fact or statement is true through the use of documentary evidence<br>n. documentary validation | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/documentation>n. (总称)文件<br>[计] 文件编制, 文档</a> |  |  | 5.12
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/March>March</a> 
<font size=3>
March is the third month of the year in both the Julian and Gregorian calendars. 　It is the second of seven months to have a length of 31 days. 　In the Northern Hemisphere, the meteorological beginning of spring occurs on the first day of March. 　The March equinox on the 20 or 21 marks the astronomical beginning of spring in the Northern Hemisphere and the beginning of autumn in the Southern Hemisphere, where September is the seasonal equivalent of the Northern Hemisphere's March.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>march</b> | mɑ:tʃ | n. the month following February and preceding April<br>n. the act of marching; walking with regular steps (especially in a procession of some kind)<br>n. a steady advance<br>n. a procession of people walking together | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/march>n. 三月, 进行, 行军, 步伐, 长途跋涉, 进行曲, 边界<br>vi. 进军, 前进, 交界<br>vt. 使行军, 使行进</a> |  |  | 3.62
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/White>White</a> 
<font size=3>
White is the lightest color and is achromatic (having no hue). 　It is the color of objects such as snow, chalk, and milk, and is the opposite of black. 　White objects fully reflect and scatter all the visible wavelengths of light. 　White on television and computer screens is created by a mixture of red, blue, and green light. 　The color white can be given with white pigments, especially titanium dioxide. 　In ancient Egypt and ancient Rome, priestesses wore white as a symbol of purity, and Romans wore white togas as symbols of citizenship. 　In the Middle Ages and Renaissance a white unicorn symbolized chastity, and a white lamb sacrifice and purity. 　It was the royal color of the kings of France, and of the monarchist movement that opposed the Bolsheviks during the Russian Civil War (1917–1922). 　Greek temples and Roman temples were faced with white marble, and beginning in the 18th century, with the advent of neoclassical architecture, white became the most common color of new churches, capitols and other government buildings, especially in the United States. 　It was also widely used in 20th century modern architecture as a symbol of modernity and simplicity. 　According to surveys in Europe and the United States, white is the color most often associated with perfection, the good, honesty, cleanliness, the beginning, the new, neutrality, and exactitude. 　White is an important color for almost all world religions. 　The pope, the head of the Roman Catholic Church, has worn white since 1566, as a symbol of purity and sacrifice. 　In Islam, and in the Shinto religion of Japan, it is worn by pilgrims. 　In Western cultures and in Japan, white is the most common color for wedding dresses, symbolizing purity and virginity. 　In many Asian cultures, white is also the color of mourning.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>white</b> | hwait | n. a member of the Caucasoid race<br>n. the quality or state of the achromatic color of greatest lightness (bearing the least resemblance to black)<br>n. United States jurist appointed chief justice of the United States Supreme Court in 1910 by President Taft; noted for his work on antitrust legislation (1845-1921)<br>n. Australian writer (1912-1990) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/white>n. 白色, 洁白, 眼白, 白种人, 蛋白<br>a. 白色的, 纯洁的, 白种的, 苍白的, 空白的, 幸运的</a> |  |  | 3.62
<b>achromatic</b> | ækrәu'mætik | a. having no hue | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/achromatic>a. 无色的, 不分光的, 消色差的, 非染色质的<br>[化] 消色差的</a> | chrom, chromo, chromato, -chrome |  | 6.65
<b>having</b> | 'hæviŋ | v have or possess, either in a concrete or an abstract sense<br>v have as a feature<br>v go through (mental or physical states or experiences)<br>v have ownership or possession of<br>v cause to move; cause to be in a certain position or condition<br>v serve oneself to, or consume regularly<br>v have a personal or business relationship with someone<br>v organize or be responsible for<br>v have left<br>v be confronted with<br>v undergo<br>v suffer from; be ill with<br>v cause to do; cause to act in a specified manner<br>v receive willingly something given or offered<br>v get something; come into possession of<br>v undergo (as of injuries and illnesses)<br>v achieve a point or goal<br>v cause to be born<br>v have sex with; archaic use | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/having>n. 财产, 所有物</a> |  | have | 3.61
<b>no</b> | nәu | n. a negative<br>a. quantifier; used with either mass nouns or plural count nouns for indicating a complete or almost complete lack or zero quantity of<br>r. referring to the degree to which a certain quality is present<br>r. not in any degree or manner; not at all | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/no>n. 不, 拒绝, 否决票<br>a. 没有, 不是, 绝非<br>adv. 不</a> |  |  | 2.97
<b>hue</b> | hju: | n. the quality of a color as determined by its dominant wavelength<br>v. take on color or become colored | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hue>n. 样子, 色度, 色彩, 叫声, 色调<br>[计] 色调</a> |  |  | 5.49
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/September>September</a> 
<font size=3>
September is the ninth month of the year in both the Julian and Gregorian calendars, the third of four months to have a length of 30 days, and the fourth of five months to have a length of fewer than 31 days. 　September in the Northern Hemisphere and March in the Southern Hemisphere are seasonally equivalent. 　In the Northern hemisphere, the beginning of the meteorological autumn is on 1 September. 　In the Southern hemisphere, the beginning of the meteorological spring is on 1 September.　 　September marks the beginning of the ecclesiastical year in the Eastern Orthodox Church. 　It is the start of the academic year in many countries of the northern hemisphere, in which children go back to school after the summer break, sometimes on the first day of the month. 　September (from Latin septem, "seven") was originally the seventh of ten months in the oldest known Roman calendar, the calendar of Romulus c. 　750 BC, with March (Latin Martius) the first month of the year until perhaps as late as 451 BC. 　After the calendar reform that added January and February to the beginning of the year, September became the ninth month but retained its name. 　It had 29 days until the Julian reform, which added a day.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>September</b> | sep'tembә | n. the month following August and preceding October | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/September>n. 九月</a> |  |  | 3.62
<b>ninth</b> | nainθ | n. position nine in a countable series of things<br>s. coming next after the eighth and just before the tenth in position | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ninth>num. 第九, 九分之一</a> |  |  | 4.72
<b>four</b> | fɒ: | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of three and one<br>s. being one more than three | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/four>num. 四, 四个<br>[机] 四冲程循环</a> |  |  | 3.40
<b>fourth</b> | fɒ:θ | n. following the third position; number four in a countable series<br>n. the musical interval between one note and another four notes away from it<br>s. coming next after the third and just before the fifth in position or time or degree or magnitude | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fourth>num. 第四, 四分之一</a> |  |  | 4.02
<b>five</b> | faiv | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of four and one<br>s. being one more than four | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/five>num. 五, 五个</a> |  |  | 3.55
<b>fewer</b> | 'fju:ә | a. (comparative of `few' used with count nouns) quantifier meaning a smaller number of | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fewer>a. 较少的</a> |  | few | 4.86
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Book>Book</a> 
<font size=3>
A book is a medium for recording information in the form of writing or images, typically composed of many pages (made of papyrus, parchment, vellum, or paper) bound together and protected by a cover. 　The technical term for this physical arrangement is codex (plural, codices). 　In the history of hand-held physical supports for extended written compositions or records, the codex replaces its predecessor, the scroll. 　A single sheet in a codex is a leaf and each side of a leaf is a page. 　As an intellectual object, a book is prototypically a composition of such great length that it takes a considerable investment of time to compose and still considered as an investment of time to read. 　In a restricted sense, a book is a self-sufficient section or part of a longer composition, a usage reflecting that, in antiquity, long works had to be written on several scrolls and each scroll had to be identified by the book it contained. 　Each part of Aristotle's Physics is called a book. 　In an unrestricted sense, a book is the compositional whole of which such sections, whether called books or chapters or parts, are parts. 　The intellectual content in a physical book need not be a composition, nor even be called a book. 　Books can consist only of drawings, engravings or photographs, crossword puzzles or cut-out dolls. 　In a physical book, the pages can be left blank or can feature an abstract set of lines to support entries, such as in an account book, an appointment book, an autograph book, a notebook, a diary or a sketchbook. 　Some physical books are made with pages thick and sturdy enough to support other physical objects, like a scrapbook or photograph album. 　Books may be distributed in electronic form as ebooks and other formats. 　Although in ordinary academic parlance a monograph is understood to be a specialist academic work, rather than a reference work on a scholarly subject, in library and information science monograph denotes more broadly any non-serial publication complete in one volume (book) or a finite number of volumes (even a novel like Proust's seven-volume In Search of Lost Time), in contrast to serial publications like a magazine, journal or newspaper. 　An avid reader or collector of books is a bibliophile or colloquially, "bookworm". 　A place where books are traded is a bookshop or bookstore. 　Books are also sold elsewhere and can be borrowed from libraries. 　Google has estimated that by 2010, approximately 130,000,000 titles had been published. 　In some wealthier nations, the sale of printed books has decreased because of the increased usage of ebooks. 　Although in most countries printed books continue to outsell their digital counterparts due to many people still preferring to read in a traditional way.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>book</b> | buk | n. a written work or composition that has been published (printed on pages bound together)<br>n. physical objects consisting of a number of pages bound together<br>n. a collection of playing cards satisfying the rules of a card game<br>n. a collection of rules or prescribed standards on the basis of which decisions are made | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/book>n. 书, 书籍, 帐簿, 名册, 工作簿<br>v. 登记, 预订<br>[计] 工作簿</a> |  |  | 3.62
<b>recording</b> | ri'kɒ:diŋ | n. a signal that encodes something (e.g., picture or sound) that has been recorded<br>n. the act of making a record (especially an audio record)<br>n. a storage device on which information (sounds or images) have been recorded | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/recording>a. 记录的, 记录用的<br>n. 录音</a> |  | record | 4.21
<b>writing</b> | 'raitiŋ | n. the act of creating written works<br>n. the work of a writer; anything expressed in letters of the alphabet (especially when considered from the point of view of style and effect)<br>n. (usually plural) the collected work of an author<br>n. letters or symbols that are written or imprinted on a surface to represent the sounds or words of a language | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/writing>n. 书写, 著作, 笔迹, 作品<br>[医] 书写</a> |  | write | 4.02
<b>typically</b> | 'tipikәli | r. in a typical manner | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/typically>adv. 代表性地；作为特色地</a> |  |  | 4.26
<b>composed</b> | kәm'pәuzd | a. serenely self-possessed and free from agitation especially in times of stress | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/composed>a. 镇静的, 沉着的</a> | pos, -pose, pon, -pone, -pound | compose | 4.21
<b>made</b> | meid | s. produced by a manufacturing process; rope and nails"<br>a. (of a bed) having the sheets and blankets set in order<br>s. successful or assured of success | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/made>a. 人工制成的, 成功的, 创造的<br>make的过去式和过去分词</a> |  | make | 3.14
<b>papyrus</b> | pә'paiәrәs | n. paper made from the papyrus plant by cutting it in strips and pressing it flat; used by ancient Egyptians and Greeks and Romans<br>n. tall sedge of the Nile valley yielding fiber that served many purposes in historic times<br>n. a document written on papyrus | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/papyrus>n. 纸草, 草制成之纸</a> |  |  | 5.82
<b>parchment</b> | 'pɑ:tʃmәnt | n. a superior paper resembling sheepskin<br>n. skin of a sheep or goat prepared for writing on | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parchment>n. 羊皮纸, 毕业文凭, 学位证书</a> |  |  | 5.65
<b>vellum</b> | 'velәm | n. a heavy creamy-colored paper resembling parchment<br>n. fine parchment prepared from the skin of a young animal e.g. a calf or lamb | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vellum>n. 上等皮纸, 皮纸文书, 牛皮纸<br>a. 牛皮纸的</a> |  |  | 6.34
<b>paper</b> | 'peipә | n. a material made of cellulose pulp derived mainly from wood or rags or certain grasses<br>n. a medium for written communication<br>n. a scholarly article describing the results of observations or stating hypotheses<br>v. cover with paper | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paper>n. 纸, 文件, 文章, 报纸, 证券, 证件<br>vt. 用纸糊, 贴壁纸于, 用纸包装<br>vi. 贴壁纸<br>a. 纸做的, 纸上的</a> |  |  | 3.73
<b>bound</b> | baund | v. form the boundary of; be contiguous to<br>a. confined by bonds<br>a. held with another element, substance or material in chemical or physical union<br>a. secured with a cover or binding; often used as a combining form | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bound>n. 跃, 回跳, 范围, 边界<br>a. 受约束的, 装有封面的, 有义务的, 关联的, 被束缚的, 准备去...的, 便秘的<br>vi. 跳跃, 弹起<br>vt. 使跳, 限制, 形成...的疆界<br>bind过去式和过去分词<br>[计] 装订的</a> |  | bind | 4.25
<b>cover</b> | 'kʌvә | n. the act of concealing the existence of something by obstructing the view of it<br>n. fire that makes it difficult for the enemy to fire on your own individuals or formations<br>n. a recording of a song that was first recorded or made popular by somebody else<br>n. a false identity and background (especially one created for an undercover agent) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cover>n. 盖子, 封面, 藉口<br>vt. 覆盖, 掩饰, 保护, 掩护, 包括<br>vi. 覆盖</a> |  |  | 4.10
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Night>Night</a> 
<font size=3>
Night (also described as nighttime, unconventionally spelled as "nite") is the period of ambient darkness from sunset to sunrise during each 24-hour day, when the Sun is below the horizon. 　The exact time when night begins and ends depends on the location and varies throughout the year, based on factors such as season and latitude. 　The word can be used in a different sense as the time between bedtime and morning. 　In common communication, it is a farewell (sometimes lengthened to "good night"), mainly when someone is going to sleep or leaving. 　Astronomical night is the period between astronomical dusk and astronomical dawn when the Sun is between 18 and 90 degrees below the horizon and does not illuminate the sky. 　As seen from latitudes between about 48.56° and 65.73° north or south of the equator, complete darkness does not occur around the summer solstice because, although the Sun sets, it is never more than 18° below the horizon at lower culmination, −90° Sun angles occur at the Tropic of Cancer on the December solstice and Tropic of Capricorn on the June solstice, and at the equator on equinoxes. 　And as seen from latitudes greater than 72° north or south of the equator, complete darkness does not occur in both equinoxes because, although the Sun sets, it is never more than 18° below the horizon. 　The opposite of night is day (or "daytime", to distinguish it from "day" referring to a 24-hour period). 　Twilight is the period of night after sunset or before sunrise when the Sun still illuminates the sky when it is below the horizon. 　At any given time, one side of Earth is bathed in sunlight (the daytime), while the other side is in darkness caused by Earth blocking the sunlight. 　The central part of the shadow is called the umbra, where the night is darkest. 　Natural illumination at night is still provided by a combination of moonlight, planetary light, starlight, zodiacal light, gegenschein, and airglow. 　In some circumstances, aurorae, lightning, and bioluminescence can provide some illumination. 　The glow provided by artificial lighting is sometimes referred to as light pollution because it can interfere with observational astronomy and ecosystems.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>night</b> | nait | n. the time after sunset and before sunrise while it is dark outside<br>n. a period of ignorance or backwardness or gloom<br>n. the period spent sleeping<br>n. the dark part of the diurnal cycle considered a time unit | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/night>n. 夜, 夜晚, 晚上, 黑暗, 夜晚的工作<br>[法] 夜, 黑夜, 黑暗</a> |  |  | 3.62
<b>unconventionally</b> | ˌʌnkən'venʃənəlɪ | r. in an unconventional manner | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unconventionally>adv. 不依惯例地, 异常地</a> |  |  | 10.00
<b>nite</b> | nait |  | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nite>n. 夜间（等于night）</a> |  |  | 6.18
<b>ambient</b> | 'æmbiәnt | s. completely enveloping | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ambient>a. 周围的<br>n. 周围环境</a> | ambi- |  | 5.20
<b>darkness</b> | 'dɑ:knis | n. an unilluminated area<br>n. having a dark or somber color<br>n. a swarthy complexion | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/darkness>n. 黑暗, 暗, 深色, 隐密, 模糊, 无知</a> | -ness |  | 4.48
<b>sunset</b> | 'sʌnset | n. the time in the evening at which the sun begins to fall below the horizon<br>n. atmospheric phenomena accompanying the daily disappearance of the sun<br>n. the daily event of the sun sinking below the horizon<br>s. of a declining industry or technology | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sunset>n. 日落, 晚年</a> |  |  | 5.10
<b>sunrise</b> | 'sʌnraiz | n. atmospheric phenomena accompanying the daily appearance of the sun<br>n. the daily event of the sun rising above the horizon<br>s. of an industry or technology; new and developing | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sunrise>n. 日出, 黎明, 拂晓</a> |  |  | 5.32
<b>during</b> | 'djuәriŋ | prep. In the time of; as long as the action or existence of;<br> as, during life; during the space of a year. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/during>prep. 在...的时候</a> |  |  | 3.11
<b>hour</b> | auә | n. a period of time equal to 1/24th of a day<br>n. clock time<br>n. a special and memorable period<br>n. distance measured by the time taken to cover it | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hour>n. 小时, 钟头, 时间, ...点钟, 课时</a> |  |  | 4.13
<b>below</b> | bi'lәu | r. in or to a place that is lower<br>r. at a later place<br>r. (in writing) see below | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/below>prep. 在下面<br>adv. 在下面</a> |  |  | 4.00
<b>horizon</b> | hә'raizәn | n. the line at which the sky and Earth appear to meet<br>n. the range of interest or activity that can be anticipated<br>n. a specific layer or stratum of soil or subsoil in a vertical cross section of land<br>n. the great circle on the celestial sphere whose plane passes through the sensible horizon and the center of the Earth | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/horizon>n. 地平线, 眼界, (天)视地平</a> |  |  | 4.77
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Must>Must</a> 
<font size=3>
Must (from the Latin vinum mustum, "young wine") is freshly crushed fruit juice (usually grape juice) that contains the skins, seeds, and stems of the fruit. 　The solid portion of the must is called pomace and typically makes up 7–23% of the total weight of the must. 　Making must is the first step in winemaking. 　Because of its high glucose content, typically between 10 and 15%, must is also used as a sweetener in a variety of cuisines. 　Unlike commercially sold grape juice, which is filtered and pasteurized, must is thick with particulate matter, opaque, and comes in various shades of brown and purple.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>must</b> | mʌst | n. a necessary or essential thing<br>n. grape juice before or during fermentation<br>s. highly recommended | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/must>n. 必须, 未发酵葡萄汁, 绝对必要的事物<br>aux. 必须</a> |  |  | 3.63
<b>vinum</b> | 'vainәm |  | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vinum>n. [药]酒,酒剂</a> |  |  | 10.00
<b>young</b> | jʌŋ | n. any immature animal<br>n. United States film and television actress (1913-2000)<br>n. United States civil rights leader (1921-1971)<br>n. British physicist and Egyptologist; he revived the wave theory of light and proposed a three-component theory of color vision; he also played an important role in deciphering the hieroglyphics on the Rosetta Stone (1773-1829) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/young>a. 年轻的, 无经验的, 朝气蓬勃的<br>n. 青年们, 幼小动物, 崽</a> |  |  | 3.67
<b>wine</b> | wain | n. fermented juice (of grapes especially)<br>n. a red as dark as red wine<br>v. drink wine<br>v. treat to wine | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wine>n. 葡萄酒, 果酒, 暗红色<br>v. (请)喝酒</a> |  |  | 4.43
<b>freshly</b> | 'freʃli | r very recently<br>r in an impudent or impertinent manner | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freshly>adv. 新, 新近, 精神饱满</a> |  |  | 5.56
<b>fruit</b> | fru:t | n. the ripened reproductive body of a seed plant<br>n. the consequence of some effort or action<br>v. cause to bear fruit<br>v. bear fruit | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fruit>n. 水果, 果类, 结果<br>[医] 果实, 种实</a> |  |  | 4.58
<b>juice</b> | dʒu:s | n. the liquid part that can be extracted from plant or animal tissue by squeezing or cooking<br>n. energetic vitality<br>n. electric current<br>n. any of several liquids of the body | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/juice>n. 汁, 活力, 体液<br>vt. 挤出汁来, 加汁</a> |  |  | 5.12
<b>grape</b> | greip | n. any of various juicy fruit of the genus Vitis with green or purple skins; grow in clusters<br>n. any of numerous woody vines of genus Vitis bearing clusters of edible berries | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grape>n. 葡萄, 葡萄树<br>[医] 葡萄</a> |  |  | 5.32
<b>skins</b> | skinz | n a natural protective body covering and site of the sense of touch<br>n an outer surface (usually thin)<br>n body covering of a living animal<br>n a person's skin regarded as their life<br>n the rind of a fruit or vegetable<br>n a bag serving as a container for liquids; it is made from the hide of an animal<br>v climb awkwardly, as if by scrambling<br>v bruise, cut, or injure the skin or the surface of<br>v remove the bark of a tree<br>v strip the skin off | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/skins>n. （美）连皮烤土豆；面板；皮囊；皮肤（skin的复数）</a> |  | skin | 5.49
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Present>Present</a> 
<font size=3>
The present (or here and now) is the time that is associated with the events perceived directly and in the first time, not as a recollection (perceived more than once) or a speculation (predicted, hypothesis, uncertain). 　It is a period of time between the past and the future, and can vary in meaning from being an instant to a day or longer. 　It is sometimes represented as a hyperplane in space-time, typically called "now", although modern physics demonstrates that such a hyperplane cannot be defined uniquely for observers in relative motion. 　The present may also be viewed as a duration (see specious present).
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>here</b> | hiә | n. the present location; this place<br>s. being here now<br>r. in or at this place; where the speaker or writer is<br>r. in this circumstance or respect or on this point or detail | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/here>adv. 在这里, 此时, 这里<br>n. 这里</a> |  |  | 3.39
<b>now</b> | nau | n. the momentary present<br>r. in the historical present; at this point in the narration of a series of past events<br>r. used to preface a command or reproof or request<br>r. at the present moment | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/now>adv. 现在, 刚才, 目前<br>n. 现在<br>a. 现在的<br>conj. 由于</a> |  |  | 3.18
<b>perceived</b> | pə'siːvd | s. detected by means of the senses | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/perceived>v. 感觉( perceive的过去式和过去分词 ); 视为; 认为; 理解为</a> |  | perceive | 4.82
<b>directly</b> | di'rektli, dai'rektli | r. without deviation<br>r. without anyone or anything intervening<br>r. in a forthright manner; candidly or frankly | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/directly>adv. 径直地, 直接地, 直率地, 正好地, 直截了当地, (非正式)立即, 马上<br>conj. 一...(就...), 一当...就...<br>[计] 直接的</a> |  |  | 4.10
<b>recollection</b> | .rekә'lekʃәn | n. something recalled to the mind | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/recollection>n. 记忆, 回想, 回忆</a> |  |  | 5.63
<b>once</b> | wʌns | r. on one occasion<br>r. as soon as<br>r. at a previous time; | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/once>adv. 一次, 曾经, 一旦<br>conj. 一旦, 一经<br>n. 一次<br>a. 从前的</a> |  |  | 3.60
<b>speculation</b> | .spekju'leiʃәn | n. a hypothesis that has been formed by speculating or conjecturing (usually with little hard evidence)<br>n. an investment that is very risky but could yield great profits | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/speculation>n. 沉思, 推测, 投机<br>[经] 投机交易, 买空卖空</a> |  |  | 5.14
<b>predicted</b> | priˈdiktid | v make a prediction about; tell in advance<br>v indicate by signs | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/predicted>v. 预言, 预测, 预示( predict的过去式和过去分词 )</a> |  | predict | 4.69
<b>hypothesis</b> | hai'pɒθәsis | n. a proposal intended to explain certain facts or observations<br>n. a tentative insight into the natural world; a concept that is not yet verified but that if true would explain certain facts or phenomena | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hypothesis>n. 假设<br>[化] 假设</a> | hyp-, hypo- |  | 4.82
<b>uncertain</b> | .ʌn'sә:tn | a. lacking or indicating lack of confidence or assurance<br>a. not established beyond doubt; still undecided or unknown<br>a. not certain to occur; not inevitable<br>s. not consistent or dependable | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uncertain>a. 不确定的, 无常的, 不确信的, 不可预测的<br>[法] 不确定的, 未定的, 不确信的</a> | un-1 |  | 4.89
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Species>Species</a> 
<font size=3>
In biology, a species is the basic unit of classification and a taxonomic rank of an organism, as well as a unit of biodiversity. 　A species is often defined as the largest group of organisms in which any two individuals of the appropriate sexes or mating types can produce fertile offspring, typically by sexual reproduction. 　Other ways of defining species include their karyotype, DNA sequence, morphology, behaviour or ecological niche. 　In addition, paleontologists use the concept of the chronospecies since fossil reproduction cannot be examined. 　The most recent rigorous estimate for the total number of species of eukaryotes is between 8 and 8.7 million. 　However, only about 14% of these had been described by 2011. 　All species (except viruses) are given a two-part name, a "binomial". 　The first part of a binomial is the genus to which the species belongs. 　The second part is called the specific name or the specific epithet (in botanical nomenclature, also sometimes in zoological nomenclature). 　For example, Boa constrictor is one of the species of the genus Boa, with constrictor being the species' epithet. 　While the definitions given above may seem adequate at first glance, when looked at more closely they represent problematic species concepts. 　For example, the boundaries between closely related species become unclear with hybridisation, in a species complex of hundreds of similar microspecies, and in a ring species. 　Also, among organisms that reproduce only asexually, the concept of a reproductive species breaks down, and each clone is potentially a microspecies. 　Although none of these are entirely satisfactory definitions, and while the concept of species may not be a perfect model of life, it is still an incredibly useful tool to scientists and conservationists for studying life on Earth, regardless of the theoretical difficulties. 　If species were fixed and clearly distinct from one another, there would be no problem, but evolutionary processes cause species to change. 　This obliges taxonomists to decide, for example, when enough change has occurred to declare that a lineage should be divided into multiple chronospecies, or when populations have diverged to have enough distinct character states to be described as cladistic species. 　Species were seen from the time of Aristotle until the 18th century as fixed categories that could be arranged in a hierarchy, the great chain of being. 　In the 19th century, biologists grasped that species could evolve given sufficient time. 　Charles Darwin's 1859 book On the Origin of Species explained how species could arise by natural selection. 　That understanding was greatly extended in the 20th century through genetics and population ecology. 　Genetic variability arises from mutations and recombination, while organisms themselves are mobile, leading to geographical isolation and genetic drift with varying selection pressures. 　Genes can sometimes be exchanged between species by horizontal gene transfer; new species can arise rapidly through hybridisation and polyploidy; and species may become extinct for a variety of reasons. 　Viruses are a special case, driven by a balance of mutation and selection, and can be treated as quasispecies.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>biology</b> | bai'ɒlәdʒi | n. the science that studies living organisms<br>n. characteristic life processes and phenomena of living organisms | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/biology>n. 生物学<br>[化] 生物; 生物学</a> | -logy, -ology |  | 4.79
<b>species</b> | 'spi:ʃiz | n. (biology) taxonomic group whose members can interbreed<br>n. a specific kind of something | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/species>n. 种, 类, 外形<br>[医] 茶剂; 种</a> | spect, spec, spic, spectro | species | 3.63
<b>classification</b> | .klæsifi'keiʃәn | n. a group of people or things arranged by class or category<br>n. the basic cognitive process of arranging into classes or categories<br>n. restriction imposed by the government on documents or weapons that are available only to certain authorized people | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/classification>n. 分类, 分级<br>[化] 分级; 分粒; 分类</a> | -faction, -ification, -efaction |  | 4.36
<b>rank</b> | ræŋk | n. a row or line of people (especially soldiers or police) standing abreast of one another<br>n. relative status<br>v. take or have a position relative to others<br>v. take precedence or surpass others in rank | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rank>n. 等级, 排, 横列, 队伍, 阶级<br>a. 茂密丛生的, 恶臭的, 十足的, 粗俗的<br>vt. 排列, 归类于, 把...分等<br>vi. 列为, 列队<br>n. 秩<br>[计] 秩</a> |  |  | 4.34
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Light>Light</a> 
<font size=3>
Light or visible light is electromagnetic radiation that can be perceived by the human eye. 　Visible light is usually defined as having wavelengths in the range of 400–700 nanometres (nm), corresponding to frequencies of 750–420 terahertz, between the infrared (with longer wavelengths) and the ultraviolet (with shorter wavelengths). 　In physics, the term "light" may refer more broadly to electromagnetic radiation of any wavelength, whether visible or not. 　In this sense, gamma rays, X-rays, microwaves and radio waves are also light. 　The primary properties of light are intensity, propagation direction, frequency or wavelength spectrum and polarization. 　Its speed in vacuum, 299792458 m/s, is one of the fundamental constants of nature. 　Like all types of electromagnetic radiation, visible light propagates by massless elementary particles called photons that represents the quanta of electromagnetic field, and can be analyzed as both waves and particles. 　The study of light, known as optics, is an important research area in modern physics. 　The main source of natural light on Earth is the Sun. 　Historically, another important source of light for humans has been fire, from ancient campfires to modern kerosene lamps. 　With the development of electric lights and power systems, electric lighting has effectively replaced firelight.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>electromagnetic</b> | ilektrәj'mæ^nitik | a. pertaining to or exhibiting magnetism produced by electric charge in motion | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/electromagnetic>a. 电磁的, 由电磁石产生的<br>[电] 电磁的</a> |  |  | 4.92
<b>radiation</b> | .reidi'eiʃәn | n. energy that is radiated or transmitted in the form of rays or waves or particles<br>n. the act of spreading outward from a central source<br>n. the spontaneous emission of a stream of particles or electromagnetic rays in nuclear decay<br>n. the spread of a group of organisms into new habitats | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/radiation>n. 辐射<br>[化] 放射</a> |  |  | 4.56
<b>eye</b> | ai | n. the organ of sight<br>n. good discernment (either visually or as if visually)<br>n. attention to what is seen<br>n. a small hole or loop (as in a needle) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eye>n. 眼睛, 视力, 看<br>vt. 看, 注视</a> |  |  | 4.13
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Need>Need</a> 
<font size=3>
A need is dissatisfaction at a point of time and in a given context. 　Needs are distinguished from wants. 　In the case of a need, a deficiency causes a clear adverse outcome: a dysfunction or death. 　In other words, a need is something required for a safe, stable and healthy life (e.g. air, water, food, land, shelter) while a want is a desire, wish or aspiration. 　When needs or wants are backed by purchasing power, they have the potential to become economic demands. 　Basic needs such as air, water, food and protection from environmental dangers are necessary for an organism to live. 　In addition to basic needs, humans also have needs of a social or societal nature such as the human need to socialise or belong to a family unit or group. 　Needs can be objective and physical, such as the need for food, or psychical and subjective, such as the need for self-esteem. 　The concept of "unmet need" arises in relation to needs in a social context which are not being fulfilled. 　Needs and wants are a matter of interest in, and form a common substrate for, the fields of philosophy, biology, psychology, social science, economics, marketing and politics.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>need</b> | ni:d | n. a condition requiring relief<br>n. anything that is necessary but lacking<br>v. have or feel a need for | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/need>n. 需要, 必须, 缺乏<br>vt. 需要, 必需<br>vi. 贫困, 有必要<br>aux. 需要</a> |  |  | 3.64
<b>dissatisfaction</b> | 'dis.sætis'fækʃәn | n. the feeling of being displeased and discontent | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dissatisfaction>n. 不满, 不平</a> |  |  | 5.66
<b>context</b> | 'kɒntekst | n. discourse that surrounds a language unit and helps to determine its interpretation<br>n. the set of facts or circumstances that surround a situation or event | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/context>n. 上下文, 背景, 来龙去脉<br>n. 上下文<br>[计] 上下文</a> | text |  | 4.37
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Art>Art</a> 
<font size=3>
Art is a diverse range of human activity, and resulting product, that involves creative or imaginative talent expressive of technical proficiency, beauty, emotional power, or conceptual ideas. 　There is no generally agreed definition of what constitutes art, and its interpretation has varied greatly throughout history and across cultures. 　In the Western tradition, the three classical branches of visual art are painting, sculpture, and architecture. 　Theatre, dance, and other performing arts, as well as literature, music, film and other media such as interactive media, are included in a broader definition of the arts. 　Until the 17th century, art referred to any skill or mastery and was not differentiated from crafts or sciences. 　In modern usage after the 17th century, where aesthetic considerations are paramount, the fine arts are separated and distinguished from acquired skills in general, such as the decorative or applied arts. 　The nature of art and related concepts, such as creativity and interpretation, are explored in a branch of philosophy known as aesthetics. 　The resulting artworks are studied in the professional fields of art criticism and the history of art.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>diverse</b> | dai'vә:s | s. distinctly dissimilar or unlike | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/diverse>a. 不同的, 变化多的</a> | vers, vert |  | 4.70
<b>range</b> | 'reindʒ | n. the limits within which something can be effective<br>n. a large tract of grassy open land on which livestock can graze<br>n. a series of hills or mountains<br>n. a place for shooting (firing or driving) projectiles of various kinds | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/range>n. 排, 行, 山脉, 范围, 行列, 射程<br>vt. 排列, 归类于, 使并列, 放牧<br>vi. 平行, 延伸, 漫游<br>[计] 量程; 范围; 域; 距离</a> |  |  | 3.83
<b>resulting</b> | ri'zʌltiŋ | v issue or terminate (in a specified way, state, etc.); end<br>v have as a result or residue<br>v come about or follow as a consequence | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/resulting>[计] 结果的, 合成的</a> |  | result | 4.24
<b>product</b> | 'prɒdʌkt | n. an artifact that has been created by someone or some process<br>n. a quantity obtained by multiplication<br>n. a chemical substance formed as a result of a chemical reaction<br>n. a consequence of someone's efforts or of a particular set of circumstances | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/product>n. 产品, 结果, 乘积<br>[化] 生产物</a> |  |  | 4.23
<b>creative</b> | kri:'eitiv | a. having the ability or power to create<br>s. promoting construction or creation | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/creative>a. 有创造力的, 创作的, 产生的</a> |  |  | 4.58
<b>imaginative</b> | i'mædʒinәtiv | s. (used of persons or artifacts) marked by independence and creativity in thought or action | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/imaginative>a. 想像的, 虚构的</a> | imag |  | 5.70
<b>talent</b> | 'tælәnt | n. a person who possesses unusual innate ability in some field or activity | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/talent>n. 天才, 才能, 有才干的人, 天资</a> |  |  | 4.66
<b>technical</b> | 'teknikl | n. a pickup truck with a gun mounted on it<br>a. of or relating to technique or proficiency in a practical skill<br>a. characterizing or showing skill in or specialized knowledge of applied arts and sciences<br>a. of or relating to a practical subject that is organized according to scientific principles | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/technical>a. 技术上的, 专门的, 工业的, 严格根据法律的<br>[化] 技巧</a> |  |  | 4.30
<b>proficiency</b> | prә'fiʃәns | n. the quality of having great facility and competence<br>n. skillfulness in the command of fundamentals deriving from practice and familiarity | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proficiency>n. 精通, 熟练, 精练</a> | -ance, -ence, -ency, -ancy |  | 5.68
<b>emotional</b> | i'mәuʃәnәl | a. determined or actuated by emotion rather than reason<br>a. of more than usual emotion<br>a. of or pertaining to emotion | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/emotional>a. 情绪的, 情感的<br>[医] 情绪的</a> | -al2, -ial, -ual |  | 4.73
<b>power</b> | 'pauә | n. possession of controlling influence<br>n. (physics) the rate of doing work; measured in watts (= joules/second)<br>n. one possessing or exercising power or influence or authority<br>v. supply the force or power for the functioning of | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/power>n. 力, 体力, 力量, 势力, 动力, 权力, 强国, 乘方, 强度, 幂, 功率<br>vt. 使...有力量, 供以动力, 激励<br>[计] 乘幂; DOS外部命令:能控制许多电池电源计算机上的电源管理特性</a> |  |  | 3.55
<b>conceptual</b> | kәn'septʃuәl | s. being or characterized by concepts or their formation | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/conceptual>a. 概念的<br>[医] 概念的</a> |  |  | 5.25
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/October>October</a> 
<font size=3>
October is the tenth month of the year in the Julian and Gregorian calendars and the sixth of seven months to have a length of 31 days. 　The eighth month in the old calendar of Romulus c. 　750 BC, October retained its name (from Latin and Greek ôctō meaning "eight") after January and February were inserted into the calendar that had originally been created by the Romans. 　In Ancient Rome, one of three Mundus patet would take place on October 5, Meditrinalia October 11, Augustalia on October 12, October Horse on October 15, and Armilustrium on October 19. 　These dates do not correspond to the modern Gregorian calendar. 　Among the Anglo-Saxons, it was known as Winterfylleth (Ƿinterfylleþ), because at this full moon, winter was supposed to begin. 　October is commonly associated with the season of spring in parts of the Southern Hemisphere, and autumn in parts of the Northern Hemisphere, where it is the seasonal equivalent to April in the Southern Hemisphere and vice versa.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>October</b> | ɒk'tәubә | n. the month following September and preceding November | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/October>n. 十月</a> |  |  | 3.64
<b>tenth</b> | tenθ | n. position ten in a countable series of things<br>s. coming next after the ninth and just before the eleventh in position | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tenth>num. 第十, 十分之一</a> |  |  | 4.84
<b>sixth</b> | siksθ | n. position six in a countable series of things<br>n. the musical interval between one note and another six notes away from it<br>s. coming next after the fifth and just before the seventh in position | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sixth>num. 第六, 六分之一</a> |  |  | 4.41
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Started>Started</a> 
<font size=3>
"Started" is a song recorded by Australian rapper Iggy Azalea for her second studio album In My Defense. 　The song was written by Azalea alongside Ronny Wright and produced by American record producer J. White Did It. 　It was released by Bad Dreams and Empire on 3 May 2019 as the second single from the album. 　It has had over 95 million streams on Spotify becoming the first track from the album to do so. 　An accompanying music video for the track, directed by Colin Tilley, was shot the prior month in Los Angeles, California and also premiered that day.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>started</b> | s'tɑ:tɪd | imp. & p. p. of Start | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/started>v. 出发, 启程( start的过去式和过去分词 ); 起动; 提出（问题）; 开办</a> |  | start | 3.64
<b>song</b> | sɒŋ | n. a short musical composition with words<br>n. a distinctive or characteristic sound<br>n. the act of singing<br>n. a very small sum | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/song>n. 歌, 曲, 鸣声, 歌唱, 歌曲, 诗歌</a> |  |  | 3.65
<b>Australian</b> | ɒ'streiljәn | n. a native or inhabitant of Australia<br>n. the Austronesian languages spoken by Australian aborigines<br>a. of or relating to or characteristic of Australia or its inhabitants or its languages | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australian>n. 澳大利亚人<br>a. 澳大利亚的, 澳洲的, 澳洲人的</a> |  |  | 3.94
<b>rapper</b> | 'ræpә | n. someone who performs rap music | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rapper>n. 敲门人, (美)(非正式)控告人, 证人, 检举人<br>[机] 敲杆</a> |  |  | 5.07
<b>azalea</b> | ә'zeiljә | n. any of numerous ornamental shrubs grown for their showy flowers of various colors | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/azalea>n. 杜鹃花<br>[机] 杜鹃花</a> |  |  | 6.06
<b>her</b> | hә: | pron. & a. The form of the objective and the possessive case of<br> the personal pronoun she; as, I saw her with her purse out.<br>pron. pl. Alt. of Here | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/her>pron. 她的, 她</a> |  | she | 2.46
<b>studio</b> | 'stju:diәu | n. workplace for the teaching or practice of an art<br>n. workplace consisting of a room or building where movies or television shows or radio programs are produced and recorded | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/studio>n. 工作室, 画室, 演播室, 电影制片厂</a> |  |  | 4.07
<b>my</b> | mai | a. Of or belonging to me; -- used always attributively; as, my<br> body; my book; -- mine is used in the predicate; as, the book is mine.<br> See Mine. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/my>pron. 我的<br>[医] 迈尔(热容单位)</a> |  | i | 2.77
<b>defense</b> | di'fens | n. (military) military action or resources protecting a country against potential enemies<br>n. protection from harm<br>n. (sports) the team that is trying to prevent the other team from scoring | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/defense>n. 防卫, 防卫物<br>[医] 防御</a> |  |  | 4.20
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Major>Major</a> 
<font size=3>
Major (commandant in certain jurisdictions) is a military rank of commissioned officer status, with corresponding ranks existing in many armed forces throughout the world. 　When used unhyphenated and in conjunction with no other indicators, major is one rank above captain in armies and air forces, and one rank below lieutenant colonel. 　It is considered the most junior of the field officer ranks.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>commandant</b> | .kɒmәn'dænt | n an officer in command of a military unit | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/commandant>n. 司令官</a> |  |  | 5.34
<b>jurisdictions</b> | ˌdʒuərisˈdikʃənz | n. (law) the right and power to interpret and apply the law<br>n. in law; the territory within which power can be exercised | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jurisdictions>n. 司法权( jurisdiction的复数形式 ); 裁判权; 管辖区域; 管辖范围</a> |  | jurisdiction | 5.37
<b>military</b> | 'militәri | n. the military forces of a nation<br>a. of or relating to the study of the principles of warfare<br>a. characteristic of or associated with soldiers or the military<br>a. associated with or performed by members of the armed services as contrasted with civilians | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military>n. 军队<br>a. 军事的, 军人的, 适于战争的</a> |  |  | 3.74
<b>officer</b> | 'ɒfisә | n. a person authorized to serve in a position of authority on a vessel<br>v. direct or command as an officer | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/officer>n. 军官, 主管, 官员, 公务员<br>vt. 指挥</a> |  |  | 4.00
<b>status</b> | 'steitәs | n. the relative position or standing of things or especially persons in a society | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/status>n. 状态, 情形, 地位, 要人身份<br>[计] 状态</a> | sta, stas, stat, stant, -stance | status | 4.20
<b>corresponding</b> | .kɒri'spɒndiŋ | s. accompanying<br>s. similar especially in position or purpose | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corresponding>a. 相当的, 一致的, 通信的<br>[计] 对应</a> |  | correspond | 4.36
<b>existing</b> | i^'zistiŋ | s. presently existing<br>s. existing in something specified | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/existing>a. 存在的, 目前的, 现存的, 现有的<br>[计] 现成的, 已有的, 现存的</a> |  | exist | 4.16
<b>throughout</b> | θru:'aut | r. from first to last | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/throughout>adv. 到处, 贯穿全部地, 自始至终<br>prep. 遍及, 在各处<br>[计] 吞吐量</a> |  |  | 3.92
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Football>Football</a> 
<font size=3>
Football is a family of team sports that involve, to varying degrees, kicking a ball to score a goal. 　Unqualified, the word football normally means the form of football that is the most popular where the word is used. 　Sports commonly called football include association football (known as soccer in North America, Ireland and Australia); gridiron football (specifically American football or Canadian football); Australian rules football; rugby union and rugby league; and Gaelic football. 　These various forms of football share to varying extent common origins and are known as "football codes". 　There are a number of references to traditional, ancient, or prehistoric ball games played in many different parts of the world. 　Contemporary codes of football can be traced back to the codification of these games at English public schools during the 19th century. 　The expansion and cultural influence of the British Empire allowed these rules of football to spread to areas of British influence outside the directly controlled Empire. 　By the end of the 19th century, distinct regional codes were already developing: Gaelic football, for example, deliberately incorporated the rules of local traditional football games in order to maintain their heritage. 　In 1888, The Football League was founded in England, becoming the first of many professional football associations. 　During the 20th century, several of the various kinds of football grew to become some of the most popular team sports in the world.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>football</b> | 'futbɒ:l | n. any of various games played with a ball (round or oval) in which two teams try to kick or carry or propel the ball into each other's goal<br>n. the inflated oblong ball used in playing American football | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/football>n. 足球, 橄榄球</a> |  |  | 3.64
<b>sports</b> | spɔ:ts | n an active diversion requiring physical exertion and competition<br>n the occupation of athletes who compete for pay<br>n (Maine colloquial) a temporary summer resident of Maine<br>n a person known for the way she (or he) behaves when teased or defeated or subjected to trying circumstances<br>n someone who engages in sports<br>n (biology) an organism that has characteristics resulting from chromosomal alteration<br>n verbal wit or mockery (often at another's expense but not to be taken seriously)<br>v wear or display in an ostentatious or proud manner<br>v play boisterously | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sports>n. (英)运动会, 运动的, 适用于运动的, 运动会的, 与运动会有关的</a> |  | sport | 4.06
<b>involve</b> | in'vɒlv | v. connect closely and often incriminatingly<br>v. engage as a participant<br>v. contain as a part<br>v. occupy or engage the interest of | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/involve>vt. 包括, 使陷于, 潜心于, 包围<br>[医] 累及, 牵涉, 包含</a> | volv, volu, volut |  | 4.85
<b>kicking</b> | 'kikiŋ | n a rhythmic thrusting movement of the legs as in swimming or calisthenics<br>n the act of delivering a blow with the foot<br>v drive or propel with the foot<br>v thrash about or strike out with the feet<br>v strike with the foot<br>v kick a leg up<br>v spring back, as from a forceful thrust<br>v stop consuming<br>v make a goal<br>v express complaints, discontent, displeasure, or unhappiness | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kicking>n. 踢腿；反撞</a> |  | kick | 5.09
<b>ball</b> | bɒ:l | n. round object that is hit or thrown or kicked in games<br>n. an object with a spherical shape<br>n. the people assembled at a lavish formal dance<br>n. a spherical object used as a plaything | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ball>n. 球, 舞会, 球状物<br>v. 捏成球形</a> |  |  | 4.24
<b>score</b> | skɒ: | n. a written form of a musical composition; parts for different instruments appear on separate staves on large pages<br>n. a number that expresses the accomplishment of a team or an individual in a game or contest<br>n. a set of twenty members<br>n. grounds | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/score>n. 得分, 抓痕, 二十个, 刻痕, 帐目, 乐谱, 起跑线, 终点线, 大量<br>vt. 刻划, 划线, 获得, 评价, 把...记下<br>vi. 刻痕, 记分, 得分<br>[计] 得分</a> |  |  | 4.22
</font>
<br>



