## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Information>Information</a> 
<font size=3>
Information is an abstract concept that refers to that which has the power to inform. 　At the most fundamental level information pertains to the interpretation of that which may be sensed. 　Any natural process that is not completely random, and any observable pattern in any medium can be said to convey some amount of information. 　Whereas digital signals and other data use discrete signs to convey information, other phenomena and artifacts such as analog signals, poems, pictures, music or other sounds, and currents convey information in a more continuous form. 　Information is not knowledge itself, but the meaning that may be derived from a representation through interpretation. 　Information is often processed iteratively: Data available at one step are processed into information to be interpreted and processed at the next step. 　For example, in written text each symbol or letter conveys information relevant to the word it is part of, each word conveys information relevant to the phrase it is part of, each phrase conveys information relevant to the sentence it is part of, and so on until at the final step information is interpreted and becomes knowledge in a given domain. 　In a digital signal, bits may be interpreted into the symbols, letters, numbers, or structures that convey the information available at the next level up. 　The key characteristic of information is that it is subject to interpretation and processing. 　The concept of information is relevant in various contexts, including those of constraint, communication, control, data, form, education, knowledge, meaning, understanding, mental stimuli, pattern, perception, proposition, representation, and entropy. 　The derivation of information from a signal or message may be thought of as the resolution of ambiguity or uncertainty that arises during the interpretation of patterns within the signal or message. 　Information may be structured as data. 　Redundant data can be compressed up to an optimal size, which is the theoretical limit of compression. 　The information available through a collection of data may be derived by analysis. 　For example, data may be collected from a single customer's order at a restaurant. 　The information available from many orders may be analyzed, and then becomes knowledge that is put to use when the business subsequently is able to identify the most popular or least popular dish. 　Information can be transmitted in time, via data storage, and space, via communication and telecommunication. 　Information is expressed either as the content of a message or through direct or indirect observation. 　That which is perceived can be construed as a message in its own right, and in that sense, all information is always conveyed as the content of a message. 　Information can be encoded into various forms for transmission and interpretation (for example, information may be encoded into a sequence of signs, or transmitted via a signal). 　It can also be encrypted for safe storage and communication. 　The uncertainty of an event is measured by its probability of occurrence. 　Uncertainty is inversely proportional to the probability of occurrence. 　Information theory takes advantage of this by concluding that more uncertain events require more information to resolve their uncertainty. 　The bit is a typical unit of information. 　It is 'that which reduces uncertainty by half'. 　Other units such as the nat may be used. 　For example, the information encoded in one "fair" coin flip is log2(2/1) = 1 bit, and in two fair coin flips is log2(4/1) = 2 bits. 　A 2011 Science article estimated that 97% of technologically stored information was already in digital bits in 2007, and that the year 2002 was the beginning of the digital age for information storage (with digital storage capacity bypassing analog for the first time).
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>abstract</b> | 'æbstrækt | v. consider a concept without thinking of a specific example; consider abstractly or theoretically<br>v. consider apart from a particular case or instance<br>v. give an abstract (of)<br>a. existing only in the mind; separated from embodiment | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abstract>a. 抽象的, 深奥的<br>n. 摘要, 抽象概念<br>vt. 摘要, 提炼, 使抽象化<br>[计] 摘录; 摘要; 抽象</a> | ab-, abs- |  | 4.88
<b>inform</b> | in'fɒ:m | v. impart knowledge of some fact, state or affairs, or event to<br>v. give character or essence to<br>v. act as an informer | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/inform>vt. 通知, 使了解, 使充满<br>vi. 提供资料, 告发</a> | in-1 |  | 5.08
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Park>Park</a> 
<font size=3>
A park is an area of natural, semi-natural or planted space set aside for human enjoyment and recreation or for the protection of wildlife or natural habitats. 　Urban parks are green spaces set aside for recreation inside towns and cities. 　National parks and country parks are green spaces used for recreation in the countryside. 　State parks and provincial parks are administered by sub-national government states and agencies. 　Parks may consist of grassy areas, rocks, soil and trees, but may also contain buildings and other artifacts such as monuments, fountains or playground structures. 　Many parks have fields for playing sports such as baseball and football, and paved areas for games such as basketball. 　Many parks have trails for walking, biking and other activities. 　Some parks are built adjacent to bodies of water or watercourses and may comprise a beach or boat dock area. 　Urban parks often have benches for sitting and may contain picnic tables and barbecue grills. 　The largest parks can be vast natural areas of hundreds of thousands of square kilometers (or square miles), with abundant wildlife and natural features such as mountains and rivers. 　In many large parks, camping in tents is allowed with a permit. 　Many natural parks are protected by law, and users may have to follow restrictions (e.g. rules against open fires or bringing in glass bottles). 　Large national and sub-national parks are typically overseen by a park ranger. 　Large parks may have areas for canoeing and hiking in the warmer months and, in some northern hemisphere countries, cross-country skiing and snowshoeing in colder months. 　There are also amusement parks that have live shows, fairground rides, refreshments, and games of chance or skill.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>park</b> | pɑ:k | n. a large area of land preserved in its natural state as public property<br>n. a piece of open land for recreational use in an urban area<br>n. Scottish explorer in Africa (1771-1806)<br>n. a gear position that acts as a parking brake | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/park>n. 公园, 停车处<br>vt. 停车, 置于<br>vi. 停车</a> |  |  | 3.68
<b>aside</b> | ә'said | n. a line spoken by an actor to the audience but not intended for others on the stage<br>r. on or to one side<br>r. out of the way (especially away from one's thoughts)<br>r. placed or kept separate and distinct as for a purpose | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aside>n. 小声说的话, 旁白<br>adv. 在一边, 离开, 另外</a> |  |  | 4.49
<b>enjoyment</b> | in'dʒɒimәnt | n. the pleasure felt when having a good time<br>n. act of receiving pleasure from something | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enjoyment>n. 享乐, 快乐, 享受<br>[经] 使用权</a> |  |  | 5.37
<b>protection</b> | prә'tekʃәn | n. the activity of protecting someone or something<br>n. the condition of being protected<br>n. the imposition of duties or quotas on imports in order to protect domestic industry against foreign competition<br>n. payment extorted by gangsters on threat of violence | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/protection>n. 保护, 防卫, 贸易保护制度<br>[计] 保护</a> |  |  | 4.22
<b>wildlife</b> | 'waildlaif | n. all living things (except people) that are undomesticated | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wildlife>n. 野生动植物</a> |  |  | 4.71
<b>habitats</b> | 'hæbɪtæts | n. the type of environment in which an organism or group normally lives or occurs | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/habitats>n. （动物的）栖息地, 住处( habitat的复数形式 )</a> |  | habitat | 5.06
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Development_(topology)>Development (topology)</a> 
<font size=3>
In the mathematical field of topology, a development is a countable collection of open covers of a topological space that satisfies certain separation axioms. 　Let X {\displaystyle X} be a topological space. 　A development for X {\displaystyle X} is a countable collection F 1 , F 2 , … {\displaystyle F_{1},F_{2},\ldots } of open coverings of X {\displaystyle X} , such that for any closed subset C ⊂ X {\displaystyle C\subset X} and any point p {\displaystyle p} in the complement of C {\displaystyle C} , there exists a cover F j {\displaystyle F_{j}} such that no element of F j {\displaystyle F_{j}} which contains p {\displaystyle p} intersects C {\displaystyle C} . 　A space with a development is called developable. 　A development F 1 , F 2 , … {\displaystyle F_{1},F_{2},\ldots } such that F i + 1 ⊂ F i {\displaystyle F_{i+1}\subset F_{i}} for all i {\displaystyle i} is called a nested development. 　A theorem from Vickery states that every developable space in fact has a nested development. 　If F i + 1 {\displaystyle F_{i+1}} is a refinement of F i {\displaystyle F_{i}} , for all i {\displaystyle i} , then the development is called a refined development. 　Vickery's theorem implies that a topological space is a Moore space if and only if it is regular and developable.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>field</b> | fi:ld | n. a piece of land cleared of trees and usually enclosed<br>n. somewhere (away from a studio or office or library or laboratory) where practical work is done or data is collected<br>n. the space around a radiating body within which its electromagnetic oscillations can exert force on another similar body not in contact with it<br>n. a particular kind of commercial enterprise | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/field>n. 领域, 田地, 场地, 战场, 场, 域<br>vt. 使...晒在场上, 使上场<br>a. 田间的, 野生的, 野外的, 田赛的<br>[计] 域, 字段</a> |  |  | 3.56
<b>development</b> | di'velәpmәnt | n. act of improving by expanding or enlarging or refining<br>n. a process in which something passes by degrees to a different stage (especially a more advanced or mature stage)<br>n. a recent event that has some relevance for the present situation<br>n. a district that has been developed to serve some purpose | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/development>n. 发展<br>[化] 展开</a> |  |  | 3.68
<b>countable</b> | 'kauntәbl | s. that can be counted | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/countable>a. 能算的, 可计算的<br>n. 可数的东西, 可数名词</a> |  |  | 5.70
<b>open</b> | 'әupәn | n. a clear or unobstructed space or expanse of land or water<br>n. a tournament in which both professionals and amateurs may play<br>n. information that has become public<br>v. cause to open or to become open | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/open>n. 公开, 户外, 空旷<br>a. 开着的, 开放的, 开阔的, 营业着的, 公开的, 悬而未决的<br>vt. 打开, 公开, 开放<br>vi. 展开, 开始, 展现<br>[计] 打开指令; 打开语句</a> |  |  | 3.60
<b>separation</b> | .sepә'reiʃәn | n. the state of lacking unity<br>n. coming apart<br>n. sorting one thing from others<br>n. the social act of separating or parting company | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/separation>n. 分离, 分居, 缺口, 退职<br>[化] 分离</a> | -ation |  | 4.69
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Felt>Felt</a> 
<font size=3>
Felt is a textile material that is produced by matting, condensing and pressing fibers together. 　Felt can be made of natural fibers such as wool or animal fur, or from synthetic fibers such as petroleum-based acrylic or acrylonitrile or wood pulp–based rayon. 　Blended fibers are also common. 　Natural fibre felt has special properties that allow it to be used for a wide variety of purposes. 　"It is fire-retardant and self-extinguishing; it dampens vibration and absorbs sound; and it can hold large amounts of fluid without feeling wet...": 10
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>felt</b> | felt | n. a fabric made of compressed matted animal fibers<br>v. mat together and make felt-like<br>v. cover with felt | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/felt>n. 毛毯, 毡<br>vt. 制毡, 使粘结<br>vi. 粘结<br>feel的过去式和过去分词</a> |  | felt | 3.68
<b>textile</b> | 'tekstail | a. of or relating to fabrics or fabric making | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/textile>n. 纺织品, 纺织业<br>a. 织的, 纺织的</a> | text |  | 5.16
<b>matting</b> | 'mætiŋ | n. a covering of coarse fabric (usually of straw or hemp) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/matting>n. 席子, 麻袋, 无光表面</a> |  | mat | 6.41
<b>condensing</b> | kәn'densiŋ | n. the act of increasing the density of something | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/condensing>[计] 聚光的</a> |  | condense | 6.32
<b>pressing</b> | 'presiŋ | n. a metal or plastic part that is made by a mechanical press<br>s. compelling immediate action | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pressing>a. 紧迫的, 迫切的, 热切的<br>n. 压, 压榨, 冲压件, 唱片</a> |  | press | 4.88
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Street>Street</a> 
<font size=3>
A street is a public thoroughfare in a built environment. 　It is a public parcel of land adjoining buildings in an urban context, on which people may freely assemble, interact, and move about. 　A street can be as simple as a level patch of dirt, but is more often paved with a hard, durable surface such as tarmac, concrete, cobblestone or brick. 　Portions may also be smoothed with asphalt, embedded with rails, or otherwise prepared to accommodate non-pedestrian traffic. 　Originally, the word street simply meant a paved road (Latin: via strata). 　The word street is still sometimes used informally as a synonym for road, for example in connection with the ancient Watling Street, but city residents and urban planners draw a crucial modern distinction: a road's main function is transportation, while streets facilitate public interaction. 　Examples of streets include pedestrian streets, alleys, and city-centre streets too crowded for road vehicles to pass. 　Conversely, highways and motorways are types of roads, but few would refer to them as streets.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>street</b> | stri:t | n. a thoroughfare (usually including sidewalks) that is lined with buildings<br>n. the part of a thoroughfare between the sidewalks; the part of the thoroughfare on which vehicles travel<br>n. the streets of a city viewed as a depressed environment in which there is poverty and crime and prostitution and dereliction<br>n. a situation offering opportunities | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/street>n. 街道, 马路, 街区<br>a. 街道的</a> |  |  | 3.69
<b>thoroughfare</b> | 'θʌrәfєә | n. a public road from one place to another | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thoroughfare>n. 通路, 大道</a> |  |  | 5.82
<b>built</b> | bilt | s. (used of soaps or cleaning agents) having a substance (an abrasive or filler) added to increase effectiveness | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/built>build的过去式和过去分词</a> |  | build | 3.63
<b>environment</b> | in'vairәnmәnt | n. the totality of surrounding conditions<br>n. the area in which something exists or lives | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/environment>n. 环境, 外界, 围绕<br>[计] 环境</a> |  |  | 4.20
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Community_(ecology)>Community (ecology)</a> 
<font size=3>
In ecology, a community is a group or association of populations of two or more different species occupying the same geographical area at the same time, also known as a biocoenosis, biotic community, biological community, ecological community, or life assemblage. 　The term community has a variety of uses. 　In its simplest form it refers to groups of organisms in a specific place or time, for example, "the fish community of Lake Ontario before industrialization". 　Community ecology or synecology is the study of the interactions between species in communities on many spatial and temporal scales, including the distribution, structure, abundance, demography, and interactions between coexisting populations. 　The primary focus of community ecology is on the interactions between populations as determined by specific genotypic and phenotypic characteristics. 　Community ecology also takes into account abiotic factors that influence species distributions or interactions (e.g. annual temperature or soil pH). 　For example, the plant communities inhabiting deserts are very different from those found in tropical rainforests due to differences in annual precipitation. 　Humans can also affect community structure through habitat disturbance, such as the introduction of invasive species. 　On a deeper level the meaning and value of the community concept in ecology is up for debate. 　Communities have traditionally been understood on a fine scale in terms of local processes constructing (or destructing) an assemblage of species, such as the way climate change is likely to affect the make-up of grass communities. 　Recently this local community focus has been criticised. 　Robert Ricklefs has argued that it is more useful to think of communities on a regional scale, drawing on evolutionary taxonomy and biogeography, where some species or clades evolve and others go extinct.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>populations</b> | pɒpjʊ'leɪʃnz | n. the people who inhabit a territory or state<br>n. a group of organisms of the same species inhabiting a given area<br>n. (statistics) the entire aggregation of items from which samples can be drawn | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/populations>n. 人口( population的复数形式 ); 全体居民; 特定人[动物]群</a> |  | population | 4.62
<b>two</b> | tu: | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of one and one or a numeral representing this number<br>s. being one more than one | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/two>num. 二, 二个</a> |  |  | 2.88
<b>different</b> | 'difәrәnt | a. unlike in nature or quality or form or degree<br>s. distinctly separate from the first<br>s. differing from all others; not ordinary<br>s. distinct or separate | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/different>a. 不同的<br>[机] 差动, 微分的, 差速器</a> | fer, lat2, -late |  | 3.50
<b>occupying</b> | ˈɔkjupaiŋ | v keep busy with<br>v live (in a certain place)<br>v occupy the whole of<br>v be on the mind of<br>v march aggressively into another's territory by military force for the purposes of conquest and occupation<br>v require (time or space)<br>v consume all of one's attention or time<br>v assume, as of positions or roles | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/occupying>v. 占领( occupy的现在分词 ); 使用; 使从事; 任职</a> |  | occupy | 5.22
<b>same</b> | seim | a. same in identity<br>a. closely similar or comparable in kind or quality or quantity or degree<br>s. unchanged in character or nature | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/same>a. 相同的, 同样的<br>pron. 相同的人(或事物)<br>adv. 同样地</a> |  |  | 3.33
<b>geographical</b> | dʒiә'græfikl | a of or relating to the science of geography<br>a determined by geography | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/geographical>a. 地理学的, 地理的</a> |  |  | 4.96
<b>known</b> | nәun | a. apprehended with certainty | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/known>a. 已知的, 有名的<br>know的过去分词</a> |  | know | 3.27
<b>biocoenosis</b> | ,baiәusi'nәusis |  | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/biocoenosis>n. 生物群落</a> |  |  | 10.00
<b>biotic</b> | bai'ɔtik | a. of or relating to living organisms | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/biotic>a. 生命的, 生物的<br>[医] 生命的, 生物的, 生物区[系]的</a> | bio, bi, -be |  | 6.33
<b>ecological</b> | .i:kә'lɒdʒikәl | a. characterized by the interdependence of living organisms in an environment<br>a. of or relating to the science of ecology | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ecological>a. 生态学的, 主张生态保护的<br>[法] 生态的, 生态学的</a> |  |  | 5.10
<b>assemblage</b> | ә'semblidʒ | n a group of persons together in one place<br>n a system of components assembled together for a particular purpose<br>n the social act of assembling<br>n several things grouped together or considered as a whole | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/assemblage>n. 集合, 装配, 一群人<br>[法] 配合, 集合, 集合物</a> | -age |  | 5.80
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Community>Community</a> 
<font size=3>
A community is a social unit (a group of living things) with commonality such as place, norms, religion, values, customs, or identity. 　Communities may share a sense of place situated in a given geographical area (e.g. a country, village, town, or neighbourhood) or in virtual space through communication platforms. 　Durable good relations that extend beyond immediate genealogical ties also define a sense of community, important to their identity, practice, and roles in social institutions such as family, home, work, government, society, or humanity at large. 　Although communities are usually small relative to personal social ties, "community" may also refer to large group affiliations such as national communities, international communities, and virtual communities. 　The English-language word "community" derives from the Old French comuneté (Modern French: communauté), which comes from the Latin communitas "community", "public spirit" (from Latin communis, "common"). 　Human communities may have intent, belief, resources, preferences, needs, and risks in common, affecting the identity of the participants and their degree of cohesiveness.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>living</b> | 'liviŋ | n. people who are still living<br>a. pertaining to living persons<br>s. true to life; lifelike<br>s. (informal) absolute | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/living>n. 生活, 生计, 生存<br>a. 活的, 逼真的, 现存的</a> |  | live | 3.92
<b>commonality</b> | .kɒmә'næliti | n. sharing of common attributes | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/commonality>n. 共同特性, 平民百姓</a> |  |  | 6.29
<b>religion</b> | ri'lidʒәn | n. a strong belief in a supernatural power or powers that control human destiny<br>n. an institution to express belief in a divine power | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion>n. 宗教, 信仰<br>[法] 宗教, 宗教信仰, 信仰</a> |  |  | 4.39
<b>identity</b> | ai'dentiti | n. the distinct personality of an individual regarded as a persisting entity<br>n. the individual characteristics by which a thing or person is recognized or known<br>n. an operator that leaves unchanged the element on which it operates<br>n. exact sameness | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/identity>n. 身份, 相同, 一致, 特性, 恒等式<br>[计] (打)标记, 标识</a> |  |  | 4.39
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Office>Office</a> 
<font size=3>
An office is a space where an organization's employees perform administrative work in order to support and realize objects and goals of the organization. 　The word "office" may also denote a position within an organization with specific duties attached to it (see officer, office-holder, official); the latter is in fact an earlier usage, office as place originally referring to the location of one's duty. 　When used as an adjective, the term "office" may refer to business-related tasks. 　In law, a company or organization has offices in any place where it has an official presence, even if that presence consists of (for example) a storage silo rather than an establishment with desk-and-chair. 　An office is also an architectural and design phenomenon: ranging from a small office such as a bench in the corner of a small business of extremely small size (see small office/home office), through entire floors of buildings, up to and including massive buildings dedicated entirely to one company. 　In modern terms an office is usually the location where white-collar workers carry out their functions. 　According to James Stephenson, "Office is that part of business enterprise which is devoted to the direction and co-ordination of its various activities." 　Offices in classical antiquity were often part of a palace complex or a large temple. 　The High Middle Ages (1000–1300) saw the rise of the medieval chancery, which was usually the place where most government letters were written and where laws were copied in the administration of a kingdom. 　With the growth of large, complex organizations in the 18th century, the first purpose-built office spaces were constructed. 　As the Industrial Revolution intensified in the 18th and 19th centuries, the industries of banking, rail, insurance, retail, petroleum, and telegraphy grew dramatically, requiring many clerks, and as a result more office space was assigned to house their activities. 　The time-and-motion study, pioneered in manufacturing by F. W. Taylor (1856-1915) led to the "Modern Efficiency Desk" of 1915 with a flat top and drawers below, designed to allow managers an easy view of the workers. 　However, by the middle of the 20th century, it became apparent that an efficient office required discretion in the control of privacy, and gradually the cubicle system evolved. 　The main purpose of an office environment is to support its occupants in performing their jobs. 　Work spaces in an office are typically used for conventional office activities such as reading, writing, and computer work. 　There are nine generic types of work space, each supporting different activities. 　In addition to individual cubicles, one can find meeting rooms, lounges, and spaces for support activities, such as photocopying and filing. 　Some offices also have a kitchen area where workers can make their lunches. 　There are many[quantify] different ways of arranging the space in an office and whilst these vary according to function, managerial fashions and the culture of specific companies can be even more important. 　While offices can be built in almost any location and in almost any building, some modern requirements for offices make this more difficult, such as requirements for light, networking, and security. 　The major purpose of an office building is to provide a workplace and working environment - primarily for administrative and managerial workers. 　These workers usually occupy set areas within the office building, and usually are provided with desks, PCs and other equipment they may need within these areas. 　The chief operating officer (COO) is responsible for handling administration and maintenance of an office building.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>office</b> | 'ɒfis | n. place of business where professional or clerical duties are performed<br>n. (of a government or government official) holding an office means being in power<br>n. professional or clerical workers in an office<br>n. a religious rite or service prescribed by ecclesiastical authorities | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/office>n. 办公室, 部, 公职, 职责<br>[化] 办公室</a> |  |  | 3.69
<b>where</b> | hwєә | pron. & conj. Whether.<br>adv. At or in what place; hence, in what situation, position,<br> or circumstances; -- used interrogatively.<br>adv. At or in which place; at the place in which; hence, in the<br> case or instance in which; -- used relatively.<br>adv. To what or which place; hence, to what goal, result, or<br> issue; whither; -- used interrogatively and relatively; as, where are<br> you going?<br>conj. Whereas.<br>n. Place; situation. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/where>adv. 在哪里<br>pron. 哪里<br>n. 地点</a> |  |  | 3.08
<b>organization</b> | .ɒ:gәnai'zeiʃәn | n. a group of people who work together<br>n. the act of organizing a business or an activity related to a business<br>n. an ordered manner; orderliness by virtue of being methodical and well organized<br>n. the activity or result of distributing or disposing persons or things properly or methodically | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/organization>n. 组织, 结构, 团体, 体制<br>[医] 组织, 机构, 机化(血栓或坏死组织)</a> |  |  | 4.00
<b>perform</b> | pә'fɒ:m | v. carry out or perform an action<br>v. perform a function<br>v. give a performance (of something) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/perform>vt. 进行, 履行, 完成, 执行, 表演<br>vi. 行动, 工作, 执行, 演出</a> | per- |  | 4.29
<b>realize</b> | 'riәlaiz | v. make real or concrete; give reality or substance to<br>v. convert into cash; of goods and property<br>v. expand or complete (a part in a piece of baroque music) by supplying the harmonies indicated in the figured bass | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/realize>vt. 了解, 实现, 使显得逼真, 变卖<br>vi. 变卖</a> |  |  | 4.57
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Control_(psychology)>Control (psychology)</a> 
<font size=3>
In psychology, control is a person's ability or perception of their ability to affect themselves, others, their conditions, their environment or some other circumstance. 　Control over oneself or others can extend to the regulation of emotions, thoughts, actions, impulses, memory, attention or experiences. 　There are several types of control, including: Perceived control (a person's perception of their own control and abilities to achieve outcomes) Desired control (the amount of control one seeks within a relationship or other circumstance) Cognitive control (the ability to select one's thoughts and actions) Emotional control (the ability to regulate one's feelings or attitudes toward something) Motivational control (one's ability to act on prescribed behaviors) Inhibitory control (the ability to inhibit thoughts or actions in favor of others) Social control (selecting one's environment for personal benefit) Ego control (the attempt to regulate impulses or attention processes) Effortful control (the ability to regulate how much effort one invests into a goal)
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>control</b> | kәn'trәul | n. power to direct or determine<br>n. a relation of constraint of one entity (thing or person or group) by another<br>n. (physiology) regulation or maintenance of a function or action or reflex etc<br>n. the activity of managing or exerting control over something | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/control>n. 控制, 管理, 克制, 控制器, 操纵装置<br>vt. 控制, 操纵, 抑制<br>[计] 控制; 控制器</a> |  |  | 3.70
<b>ability</b> | ә'biliti | n. the quality of being able to perform; a quality that permits or facilitates achievement or accomplishment<br>n. possession of the qualities (especially mental qualities) required to do something or get something done | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ability>n. 能力, 才干<br>[经] 能力, 才能</a> |  |  | 4.21
<b>perception</b> | pә'sepʃәn | n. a way of conceiving something<br>n. the process of perceiving<br>n. knowledge gained by perceiving | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/perception>n. 知觉, 感觉, 领悟力, 获取<br>[医] 知觉</a> | per- |  | 4.95
<b>affect</b> | ә'fekt | n. the conscious subjective aspect of feeling or emotion<br>v. have an effect upon<br>v. act physically on; have an effect upon<br>v. have an emotional or cognitive impact upon | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/affect>vt. 影响, 感动, 假装, 模仿, 爱好, 倾向于<br>n. 自觉感情</a> | af- |  | 4.66
<b>themselves</b> | ðәm'selvz | pron. The plural of himself, herself, and itself. See<br> Himself, Herself, Itself. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/themselves>pron. 他们自己, 她们自己, 它们自己</a> |  |  | 4.00
<b>circumstance</b> | 'sә:kәmstәns | n. a condition that accompanies or influences some event or activity<br>n. information that should be kept in mind when making a decision<br>n. formal ceremony about important occasions | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/circumstance>n. 环境, 状况, 事件</a> | circu-, circum- |  | 5.41
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/God>God</a> 
<font size=3>
In monotheistic thought, God is usually viewed as the supreme being, creator, and principal object of faith. 　Views regarding God vary considerably. 　Many notable theologians and philosophers have developed arguments for and against the existence of God. 　Atheism rejects the belief in any deity. 　Agnosticism is the belief that the existence of God is unknown or unknowable. 　Among theists, some view knowledge concerning God as something derived from faith and God is often conceived as the greatest conceivable existent. 　God is often believed to be the cause of all things and so is seen as the creator and sustainer and the ruler of the universe. 　God is often thought of as incorporeal and independent of the material creation while pantheism holds God is the universe itself. 　God is sometimes seen as the most benevolent, while deism holds that God is not involved in humanity apart from creation. 　Some traditions attach spiritual significance to the relationship with God and see God as the source of all moral obligation, with acts such as worship and prayer. 　God is sometimes described without reference to gender, while others use terminology that is gender-specific. 　God is referred to by different names depending on the language and cultural tradition with titles also used to refer to different attributes.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>monotheistic</b> | .mɒnәuθi:'istik | a. believing that there is only one god | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monotheistic>a. 一神论的</a> |  |  | 6.46
<b>God</b> | ^ɔd | n. the supernatural being conceived as the perfect and omnipotent and omniscient originator and ruler of the universe; the object of worship in monotheistic religions<br>n. a man of such superior qualities that he seems like a deity to other people | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/God>n. 上帝, 神像, 偶像<br>vt. 使神化</a> |  |  | 3.70
<b>viewed</b> | vju:d | imp. & p. p. of View | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/viewed>vt. 看（view的过去式与过去分词形式）</a> |  | view | 4.69
<b>supreme</b> | sju'pri:m | s. final or last in your life or progress<br>s. highest in excellence or achievement<br>s. greatest or maximal in degree; extreme | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/supreme>n. 至高, 霸权<br>a. 至高的, 终极的, 极端的, 最大的</a> |  |  | 4.27
<b>being</b> | 'bi:iŋ | n. the state or fact of existing | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/being>n. 存在, 性质, 生命, 人, 生物, be的现在分词</a> |  | be | 3.22
<b>principal</b> | 'prinsipәl | n. the original amount of a debt on which interest is calculated<br>n. the educator who has executive authority for a school<br>n. capital as contrasted with the income derived from it<br>n. (criminal law) any person involved in a criminal offense, regardless of whether the person profits from such involvement | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/principal>n. 校长, 首长, 本金, 主犯, 资本, 委托人<br>a. 主要的, 最重要的, 首要的</a> | prim, princ |  | 4.29
<b>faith</b> | feiθ | n. complete confidence in a person or plan etc<br>n. loyalty or allegiance to a cause or a person | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/faith>n. 信心, 信任, 忠实, 保证<br>[法] 信任, 信仰, 信念</a> |  |  | 4.35
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Energy>Energy</a> 
<font size=3>
In physics, energy (from Ancient Greek: ἐνέργεια, enérgeia, “activity”) is the quantitative property that is transferred to a body or to a physical system, recognizable in the performance of work and in the form of heat and light. 　Energy is a conserved quantity—the law of conservation of energy states that energy can be converted in form, but not created or destroyed. 　The unit of measurement for energy in the International System of Units (SI) is the joule (J). 　Common forms of energy include the kinetic energy of a moving object, the potential energy stored by an object (for instance due to its position in a field), the elastic energy stored in a solid object, chemical energy associated with chemical reactions, the radiant energy carried by electromagnetic radiation, and the internal energy contained within a thermodynamic system. 　All living organisms constantly take in and release energy. 　Due to mass–energy equivalence, any object that has mass when stationary (called rest mass) also has an equivalent amount of energy whose form is called rest energy, and any additional energy (of any form) acquired by the object above that rest energy will increase the object's total mass just as it increases its total energy. 　Human civilization requires energy to function, which it gets from energy resources such as fossil fuels, nuclear fuel, or renewable energy. 　The Earth's climate and ecosystems processes are driven by the energy the planet receives from the Sun (although a small amount is also contributed by geothermal energy).
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>physics</b> | 'fiziks | n. the science of matter and energy and their interactions<br>n. the physical properties, phenomena, and laws of something | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/physics>n. 物理学, 物理过程, 物理现象<br>[化] 物理; 物理学</a> | -ic | physic | 4.33
<b>quantitative</b> | 'kwɒntitәtiv | a. expressible as a quantity or relating to or susceptible of measurement<br>a. relating to the measurement of quantity<br>a. (of verse) having a metric system based on relative duration of syllables | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/quantitative>a. 数量的, 定量的<br>[医] 定量的, 数量的</a> | -ive, -ative |  | 4.99
<b>property</b> | 'prɒpәti | n. something owned; any tangible or intangible possession that is owned by someone; <br>n. a basic or essential attribute shared by all members of a class<br>n. a construct whereby objects or individuals can be distinguished<br>n. any movable articles or objects used on the set of a play or movie | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/property>n. 财产, 所有权, 性质, 属性<br>[计] 属性</a> |  |  | 3.97
<b>recognizable</b> | 'rekәgnaizәbl | s. easily perceived; easy to become aware of<br>s. capable of being recognized | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/recognizable>a. 可认识的, 可承认的, 可识别的<br>[法] 可被认出的, 可辩认的, 可被承认的</a> | -able, -ible, -ble |  | 5.51
<b>performance</b> | pә'fɒ:mәns | n. a dramatic or musical entertainment<br>n. the act of presenting a play or a piece of music or other entertainment<br>n. the act of performing; of doing something successfully; using knowledge as distinguished from merely possessing it<br>n. any recognized accomplishment | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/performance>n. 施行, 工作情况, 成绩, 行为, 表现, 演出<br>[电] 绩效, 性能</a> |  |  | 3.80
<b>heat</b> | hi:t | n. a form of energy that is transferred by a difference in temperature<br>n. the sensation caused by heat energy<br>n. the trait of being intensely emotional<br>n. a preliminary race in which the winner advances to a more important race | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heat>n. 热, 热度, 体温, 高潮<br>vi. 加热, 激昂, 加剧<br>vt. 把...加热, 使激动</a> |  |  | 4.22
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Council>Council</a> 
<font size=3>
A council is a group of people who come together to consult, deliberate, or make decisions. 　A council may function as a legislature, especially at a town, city or county/shire level, but most legislative bodies at the state/provincial or national level are not considered councils. 　At such levels, there may be no separate executive branch, and the council may effectively represent the entire government. 　A board of directors might also be denoted as a council. 　A committee might also be denoted as a council, though a committee is generally a subordinate body composed of members of a larger body, while a council may not be. 　Because many schools have a student council, the council is the form of governance with which many people are likely to have their first experience as electors or participants. 　A member of a council may be referred to as a councillor or councilperson, or by the gender-specific titles of councilman and councilwoman.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>council</b> | 'kaunsәl | n. a body serving in an administrative capacity<br>n. (Christianity) an assembly of theologians and bishops and other representatives of different churches or dioceses that is convened to regulate matters of discipline or doctrine<br>n. a meeting of people for consultation | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/council>n. 会议, 委员会<br>[经] 委员会</a> |  |  | 3.71
<b>come</b> | kʌm | v. move toward, travel toward something or somebody or approach something or somebody<br>v. come to pass; arrive, as in due course<br>v. reach or enter a state, relation, condition, use, or position<br>v. to be the product or result | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/come>vi. 过来, 来, 到达, 出现, 开始<br>interj. 喂</a> |  |  | 3.55
<b>consult</b> | kәn'sʌlt | v. get or ask advice from<br>v. seek information from<br>v. advise professionally | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/consult>vi. 商讨, 商量, 协商, 会诊<br>vt. 向...请教, 查阅, 考虑</a> |  |  | 5.44
<b>deliberate</b> | di'libәrәt | s. carefully thought out in advance | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deliberate>a. 深思熟虑的, 故意的, 从容的<br>v. 仔细考虑</a> | libra, liber2 |  | 5.27
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red>Red</a> 
<font size=3>
Red is the color at the long wavelength end of the visible spectrum of light, next to orange and opposite violet. 　It has a dominant wavelength of approximately 625–740 nanometres. 　It is a primary color in the RGB color model and a secondary color (made from magenta and yellow) in the CMYK color model, and is the complementary color of cyan. 　Reds range from the brilliant yellow-tinged scarlet and vermillion to bluish-red crimson, and vary in shade from the pale red pink to the dark red burgundy. 　Red pigment made from ochre was one of the first colors used in prehistoric art. 　The Ancient Egyptians and Mayans colored their faces red in ceremonies; Roman generals had their bodies colored red to celebrate victories. 　It was also an important color in China, where it was used to color early pottery and later the gates and walls of palaces.　: 60–61  In the Renaissance, the brilliant red costumes for the nobility and wealthy were dyed with kermes and cochineal. 　The 19th century brought the introduction of the first synthetic red dyes, which replaced the traditional dyes. 　Red became a symbolic color of communism and socialism; Soviet Russia adopted a red flag following the Bolshevik Revolution in 1917, until the breakup of the Soviet Union in 1991. 　Communist China adopted the red flag following the Chinese Revolution of 1949. 　It was adopted by North Vietnam in 1954, and by all of Vietnam in 1975. 　Since red is the color of blood, it has historically been associated with sacrifice, danger, and courage. 　Modern surveys in Europe and the United States show red is also the color most commonly associated with heat, activity, passion, sexuality, anger, love, and joy. 　In China, India, and many other Asian countries it is the color symbolizing happiness and good fortune.　: 39–63
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>red</b> | red | n. red color or pigment; the chromatic color resembling the hue of blood<br>n. a tributary of the Mississippi River that flows eastward from Texas along the southern boundary of Oklahoma and through Louisiana<br>s. of a color at the end of the color spectrum (next to orange); resembling the color of blood or cherries or tomatoes or rubies | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red>a. 红的, 红色的, 红肿的, 流血的<br>n. 红色, 红颜料, 赤字<br>[计] 简化, 减少</a> |  |  | 3.71
<b>long</b> | lɒŋ | a. primarily temporal sense; being or indicating a relatively great or greater than average duration or passage of time or a duration as specified<br>a. primarily spatial sense; of relatively great or greater than average spatial extension or extension as specified<br>s. of relatively great height<br>a. holding securities or commodities in expectation of a rise in prices | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/long>a. 长的, 长久的, 冗长的, 做多头的<br>vi. 渴望, 热望, 极想<br>adv. 长久, 始终<br>n. 长时间, 长信号, 长整型<br>[计] 长, 长整型</a> |  |  | 3.33
<b>wavelength</b> | 'weivleŋθ | n. the distance (measured in the direction of propagation) between two points in the same phase in consecutive cycles of a wave<br>n. a shared orientation leading to mutual understanding | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wavelength>n. 波长<br>[化] 波长</a> |  |  | 5.02
<b>spectrum</b> | 'spektrәm | n. an ordered array of the components of an emission or wave<br>n. a broad range of related objects or values or qualities or ideas or activities | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spectrum>n. 光谱, 范围, 系列<br>[化] 光谱</a> | spect, spec, spic, spectro |  | 4.37
<b>next</b> | 'nekst | r. at the time or occasion immediately following | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/next>n. 下一个<br>a. 下一个的, 其次的, 贴近的<br>adv. 然后, 下次, 次于<br>[计] 近邻干扰</a> |  |  | 3.56
<b>orange</b> | 'ɒ:rindʒ | n. round yellow to orange fruit of any of several citrus trees<br>n. orange color or pigment; any of a range of colors between red and yellow<br>n. any citrus tree bearing oranges<br>n. any pigment producing the orange color | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/orange>n. 柑橘, 桔子, 橘色<br>a. 橘色的</a> |  |  | 4.47
<b>opposite</b> | 'ɒpәzit | s. being directly across from each other; facing<br>a. of leaves etc; growing in pairs on either side of a stem<br>s. moving or facing away from each other<br>s. the other one of a complementary pair | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opposite>a. 相对的, 相反的, 对面的<br>prep. 对面<br>n. 对立面</a> | pos, -pose, pon, -pone, -pound |  | 4.38
<b>violet</b> | 'vaiәlit | n. any of numerous low-growing violas with small flowers<br>n. a variable color that lies beyond blue in the spectrum | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/violet>n. 堇菜, 紫罗兰<br>a. 堇菜科的, 紫罗兰色的</a> |  |  | 4.97
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Land>Land</a> 
<font size=3>
Land, also known as dry land, ground, or earth, is the solid terrestrial surface of Earth not submerged by the ocean or another body of water. 　It makes up 29.2% of Earth's surface and includes all continents and islands. 　Earth's land surface is almost entirely covered by regolith, a layer of rock, soil, and minerals that forms the outer part of the crust. 　Land plays important roles in Earth's climate system and is involved in the carbon cycle, nitrogen cycle, and water cycle. 　One third of land is covered in trees, another third is used for agriculture, and 10% is covered in permanent snow and glaciers. 　Land terrain varies greatly and consists of mountains, deserts, plains, plateaus, glaciers, and other landforms. 　In physical geology, the land is divided into two major categories: Mountain ranges and relatively flat interiors called cratons. 　Both are formed over millions of years through plate tectonics. 　Streams – a major part of Earth's water cycle – shape the landscape, carve rocks, transport sediments, and replenish groundwater. 　At high elevations or latitudes, snow is compacted and recrystallized over hundreds or thousands of years to form glaciers, which can be so heavy that they warp the Earth's crust. 　About 30 percent of land has a dry climate, due to losing more water through evaporation than it gains from precipitation. 　Since warm air rises, this generates winds, though Earth's rotation and uneven sun distribution also play a part. 　Land is commonly defined as the solid, dry surface of Earth. 　The word land may also collectively refer to land cover, rivers, shallow lakes, natural resources, non-marine fauna and flora (biosphere), the lower portions of the atmosphere (troposphere), groundwater reserves, and the physical results of human activity on land, such as architecture and agriculture. 　Even though saturated land, or mud, is common away from the ocean, the shoreline is referred to as where dry land begins for anyone in a body of water. 　Though modern terrestrial plants and animals evolved from aquatic creatures, Earth's first cellular life likely originated on land. 　Survival on land depends on fresh water from rivers, streams, lakes, and glaciers, which constitute only three percent of the water on Earth. 　The vast majority of human activity throughout history has occurred in land areas that are habitable and support agriculture and various natural resources. 　In recent decades, scientists and policymakers have emphasized the need to manage land and its biosphere more sustainably, notably by restoring degraded soil, preserving biodiversity, protecting endangered species, and addressing climate change.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>dry</b> | drai | n. a reformer who opposes the use of intoxicating beverages<br>v. remove the moisture from and make dry<br>v. become dry or drier<br>a. free from liquid or moisture; lacking natural or normal moisture or depleted of water; or no longer wet | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dry>a. 干的, 无酒的, 枯燥无味的, 干燥的<br>vt. 把...弄干<br>vi. 变干<br>n. 干, 干涸</a> |  | spin-dry | 4.40
<b>solid</b> | 'sɒlid | n. matter that is solid at room temperature and pressure<br>n. the state in which a substance has no tendency to flow under moderate stress; resists forces (such as compression) that tend to deform it; and retains a definite size and shape<br>n. a three-dimensional shape<br>s. characterized by good substantial quality | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/solid>n. 固体<br>a. 坚硬的, 稳固的, 固体的, 实心的, 纯质的, 立体的, 立方的<br>[计] 原色</a> |  |  | 4.44
<b>terrestrial</b> | tә'restriәl | a. operating or living or growing on land | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/terrestrial>n. 地球上的人<br>a. 地球的, 陆生的, 陆地的, 人间的</a> | terr, terra |  | 5.06
<b>submerged</b> | sәb'mә:dʒd | s. beneath the surface of the water | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/submerged>a. 水下的, 在水中的</a> |  | submerge | 5.27
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Division_(biology)>Division (biology)</a> 
<font size=3>
Division is a taxonomic rank in biological classification that is used differently in zoology and in botany. 　In botany and mycology, division refers to a rank equivalent to phylum. 　The use of either term is allowed under the International Code of Botanical Nomenclature, and both are commonly used in scientific literature. 　The main Divisions of land plants, in the order in which they probably evolved, are the Marchantiophyta (liverworts), Anthocerotophyta (hornworts), Bryophyta (mosses), Filicophyta (ferns), Sphenophyta (horsetails), Cycadophyta (cycads), Ginkgophyta (ginkgo)s, Pinophyta (conifers), Gnetophyta (gnetophytes), and the Magnoliophyta (Angiosperms, flowering plants). 　The flowering plants now dominate terrestrial ecosystems, comprising 80% of vascular plant species. 　In zoology, the term division is applied to an optional rank subordinate to the infraclass and superordinate to the cohort. 　A widely used classification (e.g. Carroll 1988) recognises teleost fishes as a Division Teleostei within Class Actinopterygii (the ray-finned fishes). 　Less commonly (as in Milner 1988), living tetrapods are ranked as Divisions Amphibia and Amniota within the clade of vertebrates with fleshy limbs (Sarcopterygii).
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>differently</b> | 'difrentli | r. in another and different manner; | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/differently>adv. 差异, 不同, 各别, 各种</a> |  |  | 5.07
<b>botany</b> | 'bɒtәni | n. the branch of biology that studies plants | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/botany>n. 植物学<br>[医] 植物学</a> |  |  | 5.41
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Business>Business</a> 
<font size=3>
Business is the practice of making one's living or making money by producing or buying and selling products (such as goods and services). 　It is also "any activity or enterprise entered into for profit." 　Having a business name does not separate the business entity from the owner, which means that the owner of the business is responsible and liable for debts incurred by the business. 　If the business acquires debts, the creditors can go after the owner's personal possessions. 　A business structure does not allow for corporate tax rates. 　The proprietor is personally taxed on all income from the business. 　The term is also often used colloquially (but not by lawyers or by public officials) to refer to a company, such as a corporation or cooperative. 　Corporations, in contrast with sole proprietors and partnerships, are a separate legal entity and provide limited liability for their owners/members, as well as being subject to corporate tax rates. 　A corporation is more complicated and expensive to set up, but offers more protection and benefits for the owners/members.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>business</b> | 'biznis | n. a commercial or industrial enterprise and the people who constitute it<br>n. a rightful concern or responsibility<br>n. an immediate objective<br>n. the volume of commercial activity | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/business>n. 生意, 事情, 业务, 商业, 商行, 职责<br>[经] 企业, 商业, 营业</a> | -ness |  | 3.72
<b>practice</b> | 'præktis | n. a customary way of operation or behavior<br>n. translating an idea into action<br>n. the exercise of a profession<br>n. knowledge of how something is usually done | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/practice>n. 实践, 练习, 实行, 惯例, 习惯, 开业<br>v. 实践, 实行, 练习, 实习, 业务</a> |  |  | 4.08
<b>money</b> | 'mʌni | n. the most common medium of exchange; functions as legal tender<br>n. wealth reckoned in terms of money<br>n. the official currency issued by a government or national bank | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/money>n. 金钱, 一笔款, 财富, 货币, 金额<br>[经] 货币, 金钱, 财产</a> |  |  | 3.91
<b>producing</b> | prә'dju:siŋ | v bring forth or yield<br>v create or manufacture a man-made product<br>v cause to happen, occur or exist<br>v bring out for display<br>v cultivate by growing, often involving improvements by means of agricultural techniques<br>v bring onto the market or release<br>v come to have or undergo a change of (physical features and attributes) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/producing>a. 生产的</a> |  | produce | 4.49
<b>buying</b> | 'baiiŋ | n. the act of buying | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/buying>[经] 买气; 买进</a> |  | buy | 4.98
<b>selling</b> | 'seliŋ | n. the exchange of goods for an agreed sum of money | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/selling>a. 卖的, 销路好的, 出售的<br>[经] 卖盘, 出售, 销路好</a> |  | sell | 4.52
<b>goods</b> | guds | n benefit<br>n moral excellence or admirableness<br>n that which is pleasing or valuable or useful<br>n articles of commerce | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/goods>n. 货物<br>[经] 货物, 商品, 动产</a> |  | good | 4.49
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Class_(biology)>Class (biology)</a> 
<font size=3>
In biological classification, class (Latin: classis) is a taxonomic rank, as well as a taxonomic unit, a taxon, in that rank. 　It is a group of related taxonomic orders. 　Other well-known ranks in descending order of size are life, domain, kingdom, phylum, order, family, genus, and species, with class fitting between phylum and order.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>class</b> | klɑ:s | n. a collection of things sharing a common attribute<br>n. a body of students who are taught together<br>n. people having the same social, economic, or educational status<br>n. a league ranked by quality | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/class>n. 班级, 阶级, 种类, 课<br>vt. 分类<br>[计] 类别; 类; 种类; 类程</a> |  |  | 3.72
<b>classis</b> | /'klæsis/ | n. A class or order; sort; kind.<br>n. An ecclesiastical body or judicatory in certain churches,<br> as the Reformed Dutch. It is intermediate between the consistory and<br> the synod, and corresponds to the presbytery in the Presbyterian<br> church. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/classis>n. 长老监督会</a> |  |  | 6.80
<b>taxon</b> | 'tæksɔn. -sәn | n animal or plant group having natural relations | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/taxon>n. 分类单元；分类学</a> |  |  | 5.65
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Region>Region</a> 
<font size=3>
In geography, regions, otherwise referred to as zones, lands or territories, are areas that are broadly divided by physical characteristics (physical geography), human impact characteristics (human geography), and the interaction of humanity and the environment (environmental geography). 　Geographic regions and sub-regions are mostly described by their imprecisely defined, and sometimes transitory boundaries, except in human geography, where jurisdiction areas such as national borders are defined in law. 　Apart from the global continental regions, there are also hydrospheric and atmospheric regions that cover the oceans, and discrete climates above the land and water masses of the planet. 　The land and water global regions are divided into subregions geographically bounded by large geological features that influence large-scale ecologies, such as plains and features. 　As a way of describing spatial areas, the concept of regions is important and widely used among the many branches of geography, each of which can describe areas in regional terms. 　For example, ecoregion is a term used in environmental geography, cultural region in cultural geography, bioregion in biogeography, and so on. 　The field of geography that studies regions themselves is called regional geography. 　Regions are an area or division, especially part of a country or the world having definable characteristics but not always fixed boundaries. 　In the fields of physical geography, ecology, biogeography, zoogeography, and environmental geography, regions tend to be based on natural features such as ecosystems or biotopes, biomes, drainage basins, natural regions, mountain ranges, soil types. 　Where human geography is concerned, the regions and subregions are described by the discipline of ethnography.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>geography</b> | dʒi'ɒgrәfi | n. study of the earth's surface; includes people's responses to topography and climate and soil and vegetation | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/geography>n. 地理学, 地理<br>[医] 地理</a> | geo |  | 5.07
<b>territories</b> | ˈteritəriz | pl. of Territory | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/territories>n. 领土( territory的名词复数 ); （某人负责的）地区; （个人、群体、动物等占据的）领域; 地盘</a> |  | territory | 4.64
<b>broadly</b> | 'brɒ:dli | r. without regard to specific details or exceptions<br>r. in a wide fashion | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/broadly>adv. 宽广地, 明白地, 无礼貌地</a> |  |  | 5.14
<b>divided</b> | dә'vaidid | a. separated into parts or pieces<br>s. having a median strip or island between lanes of traffic moving in opposite directions<br>s. distributed in portions (often equal) on the basis of a plan or purpose | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/divided>a. 分开的</a> |  | divide | 4.30
<b>characteristics</b> | .kærәktә'ristiks | n a prominent attribute or aspect of something<br>n a distinguishing quality<br>n the integer part (positive or negative) of the representation of a logarithm; in the expression log 643 = 2.808 the characteristic is 2<br>n any measurable property of a device measured under closely specified conditions | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/characteristics>n. 特性, 特征；特质；特色（characteristic的复数）</a> |  | characteristic | 4.54
<b>impact</b> | 'impækt | n. the striking of one body against another<br>n. a forceful consequence; a strong effect<br>v. press or wedge together; pack together | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/impact>n. 冲击, 冲突, 影响, 效果<br>vt. 挤入, 撞击, 压紧, 对...发生影响</a> |  |  | 4.23
<b>interaction</b> | .intәr'ækʃәn | n. a mutual or reciprocal action; interacting<br>n. (physics) the transfer of energy between elementary particles or between an elementary particle and a field or between fields; mediated by gauge bosons | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/interaction>n. 交互作用, 交感<br>[计] 交互作用</a> | act, ag |  | 4.34
<b>humanity</b> | hju:'mæniti | n. the quality of being humane | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/humanity>n. 人性, 人类, 博爱</a> |  |  | 4.86
<b>environmental</b> | in.vaiәrәn'mentәl | a. of or relating to the external conditions or surroundings<br>a. concerned with the ecological effects of altering the environment | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/environmental>a. 周围的, 环境的<br>[经] 环境的, 环保的</a> | -al2, -ial, -ual |  | 4.35
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/February>February</a> 
<font size=3>
February is the second month of the year in the Julian and Gregorian calendars. 　The month has 28 days in common years or 29 in leap years, with the 29th day being called the leap day. 　It is the first of five months not to have 31 days (the other four being April, June, September, and November) and the only one to have fewer than 30 days. 　February is the third and last month of meteorological winter in the Northern Hemisphere. 　In the Southern Hemisphere, February is the third and last month of meteorological summer (being the seasonal equivalent of what is August in the Northern Hemisphere).
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>February</b> | 'februәri | n. the month following January and preceding March | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/February>n. 二月</a> |  |  | 3.72
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Force>Force</a> 
<font size=3>
In physics, a force is an influence that can change the motion of an object. 　A force can cause an object with mass to change its velocity (e.g. moving from a state of rest), i.e., to accelerate. 　Force can also be described intuitively as a push or a pull. 　A force has both magnitude and direction, making it a vector quantity. 　It is measured in the SI unit of newton (N). 　Force is represented by the symbol F (formerly P). 　The original form of Newton's second law states that the net force acting upon an object is equal to the rate at which its momentum changes with time. 　If the mass of the object is constant, this law implies that the acceleration of an object is directly proportional to the net force acting on the object, is in the direction of the net force, and is inversely proportional to the mass of the object. 　Concepts related to force include: thrust, which increases the velocity of an object; drag, which decreases the velocity of an object; and torque, which produces changes in rotational speed of an object. 　In an extended body, each part usually applies forces on the adjacent parts; the distribution of such forces through the body is the internal mechanical stress. 　Such internal mechanical stresses cause no acceleration of that body as the forces balance one another. 　Pressure, the distribution of many small forces applied over an area of a body, is a simple type of stress that if unbalanced can cause the body to accelerate. 　Stress usually causes deformation of solid materials, or flow in fluids.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>influence</b> | 'influәns | n. a power to affect persons or events especially power based on prestige etc<br>n. causing something without any direct or apparent effort<br>n. a cognitive factor that tends to have an effect on what you do<br>n. the effect of one thing (or person) on another | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/influence>n. 影响力, 权力, 势力<br>vt. 影响, 改变</a> | in-1 |  | 4.14
<b>change</b> | tʃeindʒ | n. an event that occurs when something passes from one state or phase to another<br>n. a relational difference between states; especially between states before and after some event<br>n. the action of changing something<br>n. the result of alteration or modification | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/change>n. 变化, 找回的零钱, 找头, 更换<br>vt. 改变, 更换, 兑换</a> |  |  | 3.83
</font>
<br>



