## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human>Human</a> 
<font size=3>
Humans (Homo sapiens) are the most abundant and widespread species of primate. 　They are a type of great ape that is characterized by bipedalism and exceptional cognitive skills due to a large and complex brain. 　Humans are highly social and tend to live in complex social structures composed of many cooperating and competing groups, from families and kinship networks to political states. 　As such, social interactions between humans have established a wide variety of values, social norms, languages, and rituals, each of which bolsters human society. 　The desire to understand and influence phenomena has motivated humanity's development of science, technology, philosophy, mythology, religion, and other fields of study. 　Although some scientists equate the term "humans" with all members of the genus Homo, in common usage it generally refers to Homo sapiens, the only extant member. 　Anatomically modern humans emerged around 300,000 years ago in Africa, evolving from Homo heidelbergensis or a similar species and migrating out of Africa, gradually replacing or interbreeding with local populations of archaic humans. 　For most of history, humans were nomadic hunter-gatherers. 　Humans began exhibiting behavioral modernity about 160,000–60,000 years ago. 　The Neolithic Revolution, which began in Southwest Asia around 13,000 years ago (and separately in a few other places), saw the emergence of agriculture and permanent human settlement. 　As populations became larger and denser, forms of governance developed within and between communities, and a number of civilizations have risen and fallen. 　Humans have continued to expand, with a global population of over 8 billion as of 2022[update]. 　Genes and the environment influence human biological variation in visible characteristics, physiology, disease susceptibility, mental abilities, body size, and life span. 　Though humans vary in many traits (such as genetic predispositions and physical features), any two humans are at least 99% genetically similar. 　Humans are sexually dimorphic: generally, males have greater body strength and females have a higher body fat percentage. 　At puberty, humans develop secondary sexual characteristics. 　Females are capable of pregnancy, usually between puberty, at around 12 years old, and menopause, around the age of 50. 　Humans are omnivorous, capable of consuming a wide variety of plant and animal material, and have used fire and other forms of heat to prepare and cook food since the time of Homo erectus. 　Humans can survive for up to eight weeks without food and three or four days without water. 　Humans are generally diurnal, sleeping on average seven to nine hours per day. 　Childbirth is dangerous, with a high risk of complications and death. 　Often, both the mother and the father provide care for their children, who are helpless at birth. 　Humans have a large, highly developed, and complex prefrontal cortex, the region of the brain associated with higher cognition. 　They are highly intelligent, capable of episodic memory, have flexible facial expressions, self-awareness, and a theory of mind. 　The human mind is capable of introspection, private thought, imagination, volition, and forming views on existence. 　This has allowed great technological advancements and complex tool development to be possible through complex reasoning and the transmission of knowledge to subsequent generations. 　Language, art, and trade are defining characteristics of humans. 　Long-distance trade routes might have led to cultural explosions and resource distribution that gave humans an advantage over other similar species.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>sapiens</b> | 'seipjәnz | a. of or relating to or characteristic of Homo sapiens | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sapiens>a. （拉）现代人的</a> |  | sapien | 6.10
<b>abundant</b> | ә'bʌndәnt | a. present in great quantity | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abundant>a. 丰富的, 充分的, 大量的</a> |  |  | 5.08
<b>widespread</b> | 'waidspred | s. widely circulated or diffused | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/widespread>a. 充分伸展的, 广布的, 普及的, 流传广的</a> |  |  | 4.70
<b>primate</b> | 'praimit | n. any placental mammal of the order Primates; has good eyesight and flexible hands and feet | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/primate>n. 大主教, 灵长目动物<br>[医] 灵长类</a> |  |  | 5.66
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Woman>Woman</a> 
<font size=3>
A woman is an adult female human. 　Prior to adulthood, a female human is referred to as a girl (a female child or adolescent). 　The plural women is sometimes used in certain phrases such as "women's rights" to denote female humans regardless of age. 　Typically, women inherit a pair of X chromosomes, one from each parent, and are capable of pregnancy and giving birth from puberty until menopause. 　More generally, sex differentiation of the female fetus is governed by the lack of a present, or functioning, SRY-gene on either one of the respective sex chromosomes. 　Female anatomy is distinguished from male anatomy by the female reproductive system, which includes the ovaries, fallopian tubes, uterus, vagina, and vulva. 　A fully developed woman generally has a wider pelvis, broader hips, and larger breasts than an adult man. 　Women have significantly less facial and other body hair, have a higher body fat composition, and are on average shorter and less muscular than men. 　Throughout human history, traditional gender roles have often defined and limited women's activities and opportunities, resulting in gender inequality; many religious doctrines and legal systems stipulate certain rules for women. 　With restrictions loosening during the 20th century in many societies, women have gained access to careers beyond the traditional homemaker, and the ability to pursue higher education. 　Violence against women, whether within families or in communities, has a long history and is primarily committed by men. 　Some women are denied reproductive rights. 　The movements and ideologies of feminism have a shared goal of achieving gender equality. 　Trans women have a gender identity that does not align with their male sex assignment at birth, while intersex women may have sex characteristics that do not fit typical notions of female biology.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>woman</b> | 'wumәn | n. an adult female person (as opposed to a man)<br>n. a female person who plays a significant role (wife or mistress or girlfriend) in the life of a particular man | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/woman>n. 女人, 妇女, 女仆<br>a. 女用的, 女性的, 妇女的<br>vt. 贬称...为女人, 使成女人腔</a> |  |  | 3.73
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Award>Award</a> 
<font size=3>
An award, sometimes called a distinction, is something given to a recipient as a token of recognition of excellence in a certain field. 　When the token is a medal, ribbon or other item designed for wearing, it is known as a decoration. 　An award may be described by three aspects: 　1) who is given 　2) what 　3) by whom, all varying according to purpose. 　The recipient is often to a single person, such as a student or athlete, or a representative of a group of people, be it an organisation, a sports team or a whole country. 　The award item may be a decoration, that is an insignia suitable for wearing, such as a medal, badge, or rosette (award). 　It can also be a token object such as certificate, diploma, championship belt, trophy, or plaque. 　The award may also be or be accompanied by a title of honor, as well as an object of direct value such as prize money or a scholarship. 　Furthermore, an honorable mention is an award given, typically in education, that does not confer the recipient(s) a higher standing but is considered worth mentioning in an honourable way. 　An award may be conferred as a state decoration by sovereign state, dynasty or other public authority (see fount of honour), or else a private organisation or individual. 　The latter may also include ecclesiastical authorities, such as in the case of ecclesiastical awards. 　For example, the Nobel Prize recognizes contributions to society, while the Pulitzer prize honors literary achievements. 　An award may also simply be a public acknowledgment of excellence, without any tangible token or prize. 　Awards for sports tournaments often take the form of cups, following a tradition harking back to the ancient Greek tripod given to winners in athletic contests. 　The Stanley Cup is a modern example. 　In contrast, awards for employee recognition often take the form of plaques or crystal pieces. 　An award may carry a monetary prize given to the recipient. 　Finally, an award may recognize participation rather than victory. 　There is controversy regarding the appropriateness of participation awards for students in United States schools. 　A relative field to awards is phaleristics, an auxiliary science of history and numismatics which studies orders, fraternities and award items, such as medals and other decorations.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>award</b> | ә'wɒ:d | n. a grant made by a law court<br>n. a tangible symbol signifying approval or distinction<br>v. give, especially as an honor or reward<br>v. give as judged due or on the basis of merit | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/award>n. 奖品, 裁定, 判决<br>vt. 授予, 给予</a> |  |  | 3.73
<b>distinction</b> | dis'tiŋkʃәn | n. a distinguishing quality<br>n. a distinguishing difference | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/distinction>n. 区别</a> |  |  | 4.77
<b>recipient</b> | ri'sipiәnt | n. a person who receives something | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/recipient>a. 领受的, 容易接受的, 感受性强的<br>n. 领受者, 容纳者, 容器</a> | cap1, cip, capt, cept, -ceive, -ceit |  | 4.84
<b>token</b> | 'tәukәn | n. an individual instance of a type of symbol<br>n. something serving as a sign of something else<br>n. a metal or plastic disk that can be redeemed or used in designated slot machines | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/token>n. 表征, 记号, 代币<br>a. 象征的, 表意的<br>[计] 记号</a> |  |  | 5.35
<b>recognition</b> | .rekәg'niʃәn | n. the state or quality of being recognized or acknowledged<br>n. the process of recognizing something or someone by remembering<br>n. approval<br>n. (biology) the ability of one molecule to attach to another molecule that has a complementary shape | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/recognition>n. 赞誉, 认得, 识别, 承认, 认可, 认识<br>[电] 认识</a> | cogn, cognit, gnor |  | 4.38
<b>excellence</b> | 'ekslәns | n. the quality of excelling; possessing good qualities in high degree<br>n. an outstanding feature; something in which something or someone excels | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/excellence>n. 优秀, 卓越, 优点</a> |  |  | 4.85
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Almost>Almost</a> 
<font size=3>
In set theory, when dealing with sets of infinite size, the term almost or nearly is used to refer to all but a negligible amount of elements in the set. 　The notion of "negligible" depends on the context, and may mean "of measure zero" (in a measure space), "finite" (when infinite sets are involved), or "countable" (when uncountably infinite sets are involved). 　For example: The set S = { n ∈ N | n ≥ k } {\displaystyle S=\{n\in \mathbb {N} \,|\,n\geq k\}} is almost N {\displaystyle \mathbb {N} } for any k {\displaystyle k} in N {\displaystyle \mathbb {N} } , because only finitely many natural numbers are less than k {\displaystyle k} . 　The set of prime numbers is not almost N {\displaystyle \mathbb {N} } , because there are infinitely many natural numbers that are not prime numbers. 　The set of transcendental numbers are almost R {\displaystyle \mathbb {R} } , because the algebraic real numbers form a countable subset of the set of real numbers (which is uncountable). 　The Cantor set is uncountably infinite, but has Lebesgue measure zero. 　So almost all real numbers in (0, 1) are members of the complement of the Cantor set.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>theory</b> | 'θiәri | n. a well-substantiated explanation of some aspect of the natural world; an organized system of accepted knowledge that applies in a variety of circumstances to explain a specific set of phenomena<br>n. a belief that can guide behavior | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/theory>n. 理论, 学说, 原理, 意见, 推测<br>[化] 理论</a> |  |  | 3.80
<b>dealing</b> | 'di:liŋ | n. method or manner of conduct in relation to others | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dealing>n. 经营行为, 行为, 交易<br>[法] 待遇, 处置, 行为</a> |  | deal | 4.73
<b>infinite</b> | 'infinit | a. having no limits or boundaries in time or space or extent or magnitude<br>a. of verbs; having neither person nor number nor mood (as a participle or gerund or infinitive)<br>s. total and all-embracing | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/infinite>n. 无限, 神<br>a. 无穷的, 无限的, 极大的</a> | fin |  | 4.63
<b>almost</b> | 'ɒ:lmәust | r (of actions or states) slightly short of or not quite accomplished; all but | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/almost>adv. 几乎, 差不多</a> |  |  | 3.73
<b>nearly</b> | 'niәli | r (of actions or states) slightly short of or not quite accomplished; all but<br>r in a close manner | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nearly>adv. 几乎, 密切地</a> |  |  | 4.04
<b>negligible</b> | 'neglidʒәbl | s. so small as to be meaningless; insignificant<br>s. not worth considering | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/negligible>a. 可以忽略的, 不足取的, 无用的<br>[医] 可不计的, 可忽视的</a> |  |  | 5.33
<b>amount</b> | ә'maunt | n. the relative magnitude of something with reference to a criterion<br>v. be tantamount or equivalent to | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amount>n. 总数, 总额<br>vi. 总计, 等同</a> |  |  | 4.19
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paper>Paper</a> 
<font size=3>
Paper is a thin sheet material produced by mechanically or chemically processing cellulose fibres derived from wood, rags, grasses or other vegetable sources in water, draining the water through fine mesh leaving the fibre evenly distributed on the surface, followed by pressing and drying. 　Although paper was originally made in single sheets by hand, almost all is now made on large machines—some making reels 10 metres wide, running at 2,000 metres per minute and up to 600,000 tonnes a year. 　It is a versatile material with many uses, including printing, painting, graphics, signage, design, packaging, decorating, writing, and cleaning. 　It may also be used as filter paper, wallpaper, book endpaper, conservation paper, laminated worktops, toilet tissue, or currency and security paper, or in a number of industrial and construction processes. 　The papermaking process developed in east Asia, probably China, at least as early as 105 CE, by the Han court eunuch Cai Lun, although the earliest archaeological fragments of paper derive from the 2nd century BCE in China. 　The modern pulp and paper industry is global, with China leading its production and the United States following.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>thin</b> | θin | v. lose thickness; become thin or thinner<br>v. make thin or thinner<br>a. of relatively small extent from one surface to the opposite or in cross section<br>a. lacking excess flesh | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thin>a. 薄的, 细的, 瘦的, 稀疏的, 稀薄的, 淡的, 弱的, 空洞的<br>vt. 使变薄, 使变细, 使稀少, 使淡<br>vi. 变薄, 变细, 变少, 变淡<br>adv. 薄地, 稀疏地, 微弱地<br>n. 细小部分</a> |  |  | 4.39
<b>sheet</b> | ʃi:t | n. any broad thin expanse or surface<br>n. paper used for writing or printing<br>n. bed linen consisting of a large rectangular piece of cotton or linen cloth; used in pairs<br>n. a flat artifact that is thin relative to its length and width | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sheet>n. 床单, 张, 纸张, 印刷品, 裹尸布, 薄片<br>vt. 盖上被单, 遍布<br>vi. 大片落下<br>a. 片状的, 成薄片的<br>[计] 工作表</a> |  |  | 4.73
<b>mechanically</b> | mi'kænikәli | r. in a mechanical manner; by a mechanism<br>r. in a machinelike manner; without feeling | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mechanically>adv. 机械, 用机械, 机械学, 物理, 力学, 呆板, 无意识, 手工操作, 技工</a> |  |  | 5.59
<b>chemically</b> | 'kemikli | r. with chemicals<br>r. with respect to chemistry | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chemically>adv. 用化学, 以化学方法</a> |  |  | 5.66
<b>processing</b> | prәu'sesiŋ | n. preparing or putting through a prescribed procedure | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/processing>[计] 处理<br>[化] 加工</a> |  | process | 4.48
<b>cellulose</b> | 'seljulәus | n. a polysaccharide that is the chief constituent of all plant tissues and fibers | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cellulose>n. 纤维素<br>[化] 纤维素</a> | -ose2 | cellulose | 5.92
<b>fibres</b> | 'faɪbəz | n. a slender and greatly elongated substance capable of being spun into yarn<br>n. any of several elongated, threadlike cells (especially a muscle fiber or a nerve fiber)<br>n. the inherent complex of attributes that determines a persons moral and ethical actions and reactions | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fibres>n. （动植物的）纤维( fibre的复数形式 ); 纤维质</a> |  | fibre | 5.73
<b>wood</b> | wud | n. the hard fibrous lignified substance under the bark of trees<br>n. United States film actress (1938-1981)<br>n. English conductor (1869-1944)<br>n. English writer of novels about murders and thefts and forgeries (1814-1887) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wood>n. 木材, 木制品<br>vt. 植林于, 给...添加木柴<br>vi. 收集木材</a> |  |  | 4.22
<b>rags</b> | ræɡz | n a small piece of cloth or paper<br>n a week at British universities during which side-shows and processions of floats are organized to raise money for charities<br>n music with a syncopated melody (usually for the piano)<br>n newspaper with half-size pages<br>n a boisterous practical joke (especially by college students)<br>v treat cruelly<br>v cause annoyance in; disturb, especially by minor irritations<br>v play in ragtime<br>v harass with persistent criticism or carping<br>v censure severely or angrily<br>v break into lumps before sorting | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rags>n. 破旧衣服; 破布( rag的名词复数 ); 碎布; 破旧衣服; （质量差的）报纸</a> |  | rag | 5.70
<b>vegetable</b> | 'vedʒәtәbl | n. edible seeds or roots or stems or leaves or bulbs or tubers or nonsweet fruits of any of numerous herbaceous plant<br>n. any of various herbaceous plants cultivated for an edible part such as the fruit or the root of the beet or the leaf of spinach or the seeds of bean plants or the flower buds of broccoli or cauliflower | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vegetable>n. 蔬菜, 植物, 无精打采之人<br>a. 蔬菜的, 植物的</a> |  |  | 5.32
<b>draining</b> | 'dreiniŋ | s. having a debilitating effect | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/draining>a. 排水的；滤水的</a> |  | drain | 5.52
<b>fine</b> | fain | n. money extracted as a penalty<br>s. minutely precise especially in differences in meaning<br>s. thin in thickness or diameter<br>s. characterized by elegance or refinement or accomplishment | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fine>n. 罚款, 罚金, 晴天, 精细<br>a. 好的, 晴朗的, 健康的, 细小的, 精细的<br>vt. 罚款, 精炼, 澄清<br>vi. 变清, 变细<br>adv. 很好<br>[计] 精细</a> |  |  | 4.00
<b>mesh</b> | meʃ | n. the number of openings per linear inch of a screen; measures size of particles<br>n. the act of interlocking or meshing<br>v. work together in harmony | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mesh>n. 网孔, 网丝, 网眼, 网状物, 圈套, 陷阱, 啮合<br>vt. 以网捕捉, 啮合, 使缠住<br>vi. 落网, 相啮合</a> |  |  | 5.25
<b>leaving</b> | 'li:viŋ | n the act of departing<br>v go away from a place<br>v go and leave behind, either intentionally or by neglect or forgetfulness<br>v act or be so as to become in a specified state<br>v leave unchanged or undisturbed or refrain from taking<br>v move out of or depart from<br>v make a possibility or provide opportunity for; permit to be attainable or cause to remain<br>v have as a result or residue<br>v remove oneself from an association with or participation in<br>v put into the care or protection of someone<br>v leave or give by will after one's death<br>v have left or have as a remainder<br>v be survived by after one's death<br>v transmit (knowledge or skills)<br>v leave behind unintentionally | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/leaving>n. 离开；残余；渣滓</a> |  | leave | 4.03
<b>fibre</b> | 'faibә | n a slender and greatly elongated substance capable of being spun into yarn<br>n any of several elongated, threadlike cells (especially a muscle fiber or a nerve fiber)<br>n the inherent complex of attributes that determines a persons moral and ethical actions and reactions<br>n a leatherlike material made by compressing layers of paper or cloth | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fibre>n. 纤维, 构造, 纤维制品<br>[化] 纤维</a> |  |  | 5.44
<b>evenly</b> | 'i:vәnli | r. in equal amounts or shares; in a balanced or impartial way<br>r. in a level and regular way | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/evenly>adv. 平衡地, 平坦地, 平等地</a> |  |  | 5.44
<b>distributed</b> | di'stribju:tid | a. spread out or scattered about or divided up | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/distributed>a. 分布式的<br>[计] 分散对齐, 分布式处理</a> |  | distribute | 4.41
<b>drying</b> | 'draiiŋ | v remove the moisture from and make dry<br>v become dry or drier | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/drying>[计] 干燥的<br>[化] 干燥</a> |  | dry | 5.42
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tell_(archaeology)>Tell (archaeology)</a> 
<font size=3>
In archaeology, a tell or tel (borrowed into English from Arabic: تَلّ, tall, 'mound' or 'small hill'), is an artificial topographical feature, a species of mound consisting of the accumulated and stratified debris of a succession of consecutive settlements at the same site, the refuse of generations of people who built and inhabited them, and of natural sediment. 　Tells are most commonly associated with the ancient Near East, but they are also found elsewhere, such as Southern and parts of Central Europe, from Greece and Bulgaria to Hungary and Spain and in North Africa. 　Within the Near East, they are concentrated in less arid regions, including Upper Mesopotamia, the Southern Levant, Anatolia and Iran, which had more continuous settlement. 　Eurasian tells date to the Neolithic,[dubious – discuss] the Neolithic/Chalcolithic, and the Bronze Age/Iron Age era. 　In the Southern Levant the time of the tells ended with the conquest by Alexander the Great, which ushered in the Hellenistic period with its own, different settlement-building patterns.　[citation needed] Many tells across the Near East continue to be occupied and used today.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>archaeology</b> | .ɑ:ki'ɒlәdʒi | n the branch of anthropology that studies prehistoric people and their cultures | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/archaeology>n. 考古学</a> | arch, archi, arche (archae), archeo, (archaeo), -arch, -archy |  | 5.11
<b>tell</b> | tel | n. a Swiss patriot who lived in the early 14th century and who was renowned for his skill as an archer; according to legend an Austrian governor compelled him to shoot an apple from his son's head with his crossbow (which he did successfully without mishap)<br>v. let something be known<br>v. narrate or give a detailed account of<br>v. discern or comprehend | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tell>vt. 告诉, 说, 吩咐, 断定, 知道<br>vi. 讲述, 泄密, 告发, 表明</a> |  |  | 3.74
<b>tel</b> | tel |  | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tel>abbr. 试验仪器清单（Test Equipment List）</a> |  |  | 5.07
<b>borrowed</b> | 'bɒrәud | v get temporarily<br>v take up and practice as one's own | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/borrowed>a. 借来的, 伪造的, 虚构的</a> |  | borrow | 5.13
<b>Arabic</b> | 'ærәbik | n. the Semitic language of the Arabs; spoken in a variety of dialects<br>a. relating to or characteristic of Arabs | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arabic>n. 阿拉伯语<br>a. 阿拉伯语的, 阿拉伯人的, 阿拉伯式的</a> |  |  | 4.72
<b>tall</b> | tɒ:l | n. a garment size for a tall person<br>a. great in vertical dimension; high in stature<br>s. impressively difficult | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tall>a. 高的, 长的, 夸大的<br>adv. 夸大地</a> |  |  | 4.41
<b>mound</b> | maund | n. (baseball) the slight elevation on which the pitcher stands<br>n. structure consisting of an artificial heap or bank usually of earth or stones<br>v. form into a rounded elevation | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mound>n. 土墩, 堤, 小山<br>vt. 筑堤, 用土堆防卫<br>vi. 积成堆</a> |  |  | 5.17
<b>hill</b> | hil | n. a local and well-defined elevation of the land<br>n. United States railroad tycoon (1838-1916)<br>n. risque English comedian (1925-1992)<br>v. form into a hill | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hill>n. 小山, 丘陵, 小土堆<br>vt. 作成土堆, 堆成小丘</a> |  |  | 4.04
<b>artificial</b> | .ɑ:ti'fiʃәl | a. contrived by art rather than nature<br>s. artificially formal<br>s. not arising from natural growth or characterized by vital processes | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/artificial>a. 人造的, 假的, 非原地产的<br>[医] 人工的, 人造的, 伟牟</a> | -al2, -ial, -ual |  | 4.68
<b>topographical</b> | ,tɔpә'^ræfikәl | a. concerned with topography | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/topographical>a. 地形的, 地形学的, 地形测量的</a> |  |  | 5.90
<b>feature</b> | 'fi:tʃә | n. a prominent attribute or aspect of something<br>n. the characteristic parts of a person's face: eyes and nose and mouth and chin<br>n. the principal (full-length) film in a program at a movie theater<br>n. a special or prominent article in a newspaper or magazine | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/feature>n. 面孔的一部分(如眼、口等), 特征, 容貌, 特色, 特写<br>vt. 是...的特色, 特写, 放映<br>vi. 起重要作用<br>[计] 特性</a> |  |  | 4.08
<b>stratified</b> | 'strætifaid | a. deposited or arranged in horizontal layers | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stratified>a. 分层的；形成阶层的；分为不同等级的</a> |  | stratify | 5.78
<b>debris</b> | 'deibri: | n. the remains of something that has been destroyed or broken up | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/debris>n. 碎片, 残骸<br>[医] 碎屑</a> |  | debris | 5.06
<b>consecutive</b> | kәn'sekjutiv | s. in regular succession without gaps<br>r. in a consecutive manner | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/consecutive>a. 连续的, 联贯的<br>[计] 连续的; 连接的</a> | sequi, secut, seque |  | 4.58
<b>settlements</b> | 'setlmənts | n. a body of people who settle far from home but maintain ties with their homeland; inhabitants remain nationals of their home state but are not literally under the home state's system of government<br>n. a community of people smaller than a town<br>n. a conclusive resolution of a matter and disposition of it | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/settlements>n. 解决( settlement的复数形式 ); 结算; <律>金钱或财产的转让（契约）; 移民</a> |  | settlement | 4.79
<b>site</b> | sait | n. the piece of land on which something is located (or is to be located)<br>n. physical position in relation to the surroundings | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/site>n. 位置, 场所, 地点<br>vt. 给...择址</a> |  |  | 3.79
<b>refuse</b> | ri'fju:z | v. show unwillingness towards<br>v. refuse to accept | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/refuse>vt. 拒绝, 谢绝<br>vi. 拒绝<br>n. 废物<br>a. 扔掉的, 无用的</a> |  |  | 4.98
<b>inhabited</b> | in'hæbitid | a. having inhabitants; lived in | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/inhabited>a. 有人居住的</a> |  | inhabit | 4.98
<b>them</b> | ðem | pron. The objective case of they. See They. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/them>pron. 他们, 她们, 它们</a> |  | they | 3.02
<b>sediment</b> | 'sedimәnt | n. matter that has been deposited by some natural process<br>v. deposit as a sediment<br>v. settle as sediment | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sediment>n. 沉淀物, 沉积<br>[化] 沉降物; 沉积物</a> | -ment |  | 5.44
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/German>German</a> 
<font size=3>
Look up German, Germans, german, or germans in Wiktionary, the free dictionary. 　German(s) may refer to: Germany (of or related to) Germania (historical use) Germans, citizens of Germany, people of German ancestry, or native speakers of the German language For citizens of Germany, see also German nationality law Germanic peoples (Roman times) German language any of the Germanic languages German cuisine, traditional foods of Germany
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>German</b> | 'dʒә:mәn | n. a person of German nationality<br>n. the standard German language; developed historically from West Germanic<br>a. of or pertaining to or characteristic of Germany or its people or language | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/German>n. 德国人, 德语<br>a. 德国的, 德国人的, 德国语的, 同父母的</a> |  |  | 3.74
<b>germans</b> | ˈdʒɜ:mənz | pl. of German | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/germans>n. 德国人, 德语( German的名词复数 ); [医]德国人; [人名] 杰曼斯</a> |  | german | 4.75
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/German_(mythology)>German (mythology)</a> 
<font size=3>
German (GER-man, pronounced [ˈɡerman]) is a South Slavic mythological being, recorded in the folklore of eastern Serbia and northern Bulgaria. 　He is a male spirit associated with bringing rain and hail. 　His influence on these precipitations can be positive, resulting in the amount of rain beneficial for agriculture, or negative, with a drought, downpours, or hail. 　Rituals connected with German included making a doll intended to represent this personage. 　This effigy of German, made of rags, fired clay, or dried fruits, was rather large, usually with a distinct representation of the male genitals. 　It was produced and used in rituals exclusively by girls or young women. 　In Eastern Serbia, when a drought developed, girls would make such a doll, and bring it to a river bank. 　Depending on the regional custom, they would either bury it by the river, or put it in a little coffin and let it float down the river. 　Two of the girls would then start lamenting for the doll. 　Asked by the others why they were crying, they would answer, "We are crying for German; because of the drought German has died so that the rain may fall." 　If the amount of rain falling should then become excessive, the doll would be dug up again. 　In northern Bulgaria, the rituals with German usually followed immediately after the Dodola rituals, but could be performed independently from them. 　In some villages they were carried out on the Feast of Saint Germanus. 　Girls would make the doll, 20 to 50 cm long, and lay it on a slate or in a little coffin. 　Having adorned it with flowers, they would bury it with funeral observances. 　After three, nine, or forty days, the doll was dug up and thrown into water. 　People would also try to ward off destructive summer hailstorms by placating German with a ritual performed on Christmas Eve. 　This ritual was recorded in the area around Pirot at the beginning of the 20th century. 　Immediately before the start of the Christmas Eve dinner, the head of the household would go out to his woodpile, to invite German to dinner. 　He would take with him a loaf of bread called "good luck", prepared particularly for this ritual, slivovitz, wine, and a wax candle. 　At the woodpile, he would shout three times, "German, German, wherever you are, come to dinner right now, and in the summer do not let me see your eyes anywhere!" 　He would then light the candle, take a sip of slivovitz, taste some bread, drink wine, and go back into his house. 　Asked how he had fared in his encounter with German, he would answer, "He came, so we dined and drank amply of slivovitz and wine, and then we parted." 　German, who dies so that the nature may regenerate with the falling of rain, can be understood as a spirit of vegetation, dying and then resurrecting with the revival of vegetation. 　His distinctly represented male genitals symbolize fertility. 　The doll of German is presumably a metaphorical replacement of the former human sacrifice. 　It can be included among the Slavic sacrificial dolls, together with the dolls of Yarilo, Kostroma, and Morena. 　In Christianized folk beliefs German is identified with Saint Germanus. 　This saint is associated with the protection from hail, and occasionally from lightning, though the latter was generally ascribed to Saint Elijah.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>ger</b> | ɡεә |  | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ger>n. 圆顶帐篷, 蒙古包</a> |  |  | 5.72
<b>pronounced</b> | prә'naunst | v speak, pronounce, or utter in a certain way<br>v pronounce judgment on<br>s strongly marked; easily noticeable | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pronounced>a. 发出音的, 读出来的, 显著的, 断然的, 明显的<br>[法] 显著的, 明显的, 明确的</a> |  | pronounce | 4.87
<b>south</b> | sauθ | n. the region of the United States lying to the south of the Mason-Dixon line<br>n. the cardinal compass point that is at 180 degrees<br>n. a location in the southern part of a country, region, or city<br>n. the direction corresponding to the southward cardinal compass point | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/south>n. 南方, 南<br>a. 南的, 向南的<br>adv. 在南方<br>vi. 转向南方</a> |  |  | 3.35
<b>Slavic</b> | 'slævik, 'slɑ:v- | n. a branch of the Indo-European family of languages | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slavic>a. 斯拉夫的, 斯拉夫人的</a> |  |  | 5.21
<b>mythological</b> | .miθә'lɒdʒikәl | s based on or told of in traditional stories; lacking factual basis or historical validity | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mythological>a. 神话的, 神话学的, 虚构的</a> |  |  | 5.52
<b>folklore</b> | 'fәuklɒ: | n. the unwritten lore (stories and proverbs and riddles and songs) of a culture | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/folklore>n. 民俗学, 民间风俗, 民间传说</a> |  |  | 5.18
<b>eastern</b> | 'i:stәn | s. lying toward or situated in the east<br>a. of or characteristic of eastern regions of the United States<br>a. relating to or characteristic of regions of eastern parts of the world | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eastern>n. 东方人, 东正教徒<br>a. 东方的, 向东的, 自东的</a> |  |  | 3.93
<b>serbia</b> | 'sә:bjә | n. a historical region in central and northern Yugoslavia; Serbs settled the region in the 6th and 7th centuries | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serbia>n. 塞尔维亚（南斯拉夫成员共和国名）</a> |  |  | 4.79
<b>northern</b> | 'nɒ:ðәn | n. a dialect of Middle English that developed into Scottish Lallans<br>a. in or characteristic of a region of the United States north of (approximately) the Mason-Dixon line<br>a. situated in or coming from regions of the north | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northern>n. 北方人<br>a. 北方的, 向北的, 自北方来的</a> |  |  | 3.84
<b>Bulgaria</b> | bʌl'^eәriә | n. a republic in the eastern part of the Balkan Peninsula in southeastern Europe | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bulgaria>n. 保加利亚<br>[经] 保加利亚</a> |  |  | 4.91
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Military>Military</a> 
<font size=3>
A military, also known collectively as armed forces, is a heavily armed, highly organized force primarily intended for warfare. 　It is typically authorized and maintained by a sovereign state, with its members identifiable by their distinct military uniform. 　It may consist of one or more military branches such as an army, navy, air force, space force, marines, or coast guard. 　The main task of the military is usually defined as defence of the state and its interests against external armed threats. 　In broad usage, the terms armed forces and military are often treated as synonymous, although in technical usage a distinction is sometimes made in which a country's armed forces may include both its military and other paramilitary forces. 　There are various forms of irregular military forces, not belonging to a recognized state; though they share many attributes with regular military forces, they are less often referred to as simply military. 　A nation's military may function as a discrete social subculture, with dedicated infrastructure such as military housing, schools, utilities, logistics, hospitals, legal services, food production, finance, and banking services. 　Beyond warfare, the military may be employed in additional sanctioned and non-sanctioned functions within the state, including internal security threats, population control, the promotion of a political agenda, emergency services and reconstruction, protecting corporate economic interests, social ceremonies and national honour guards. 　The profession of soldiering as part of a military is older than recorded history itself. 　Some of the most enduring images of classical antiquity portray the power and feats of its military leaders. 　The Battle of Kadesh in 1274 BC was one of the defining points of Pharaoh Ramses II's reign, and his monuments commemorate it in bas-relief. 　A thousand years later, the first emperor of unified China, Qin Shi Huang, was so determined to impress the gods with his military might that he had himself buried with an army of terracotta soldiers. 　The Romans paid considerable attention to military matters, leaving to posterity many treatises and writings on the subject, as well as many lavishly carved triumphal arches and victory columns.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>heavily</b> | 'hevili | r. to a considerable degree<br>r. in a heavy-footed manner<br>r. with great force<br>r. in a manner designed for heavy duty | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heavily>adv. 很重地, 严重地, 难以忍受地</a> |  |  | 4.43
<b>highly</b> | 'haili | r. to a high degree or extent; favorably or with much respect<br>r. at a high rate or wage<br>r. in a high position or level or rank | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/highly>adv. 非常, 非常赞许地<br>[电] 大大地</a> |  |  | 4.17
<b>warfare</b> | 'wɒ:fєә | n the waging of armed conflict against an enemy<br>n an active struggle between competing entities | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warfare>n. 战争, 战斗, 交战, 斗争, 竞争<br>[法] 战事, 作战, 交战</a> |  |  | 4.87
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nothing>Nothing</a> 
<font size=3>
Nothing, the complete absence of anything, has been a matter of philosophical debate since at least the 5th century BC. 　Early Greek philosophers argued that it was impossible for nothing to exist. 　The atomists allowed nothing but only in the spaces between the invisibly small atoms. 　For them, all space was filled with atoms. 　Aristotle took the view that there exists matter and there exists space, a receptacle into which matter objects can be placed. 　This became the paradigm for classical scientists of the modern age like Newton. 　Nevertheless, some philosophers, like Descartes, continued to argue against the existence of empty space until the scientific discovery of a physical vacuum. 　Existentialists like Sartre and Heidegger (as interpreted by Sartre) have associated nothing with consciousness. 　Some writers have made connections between Heidegger's concept of nothing and the nirvana of Eastern religions. 　Modern science does not equate vacuum with nothing. 　Indeed, the vacuum in quantum field theory is filled with virtual particles. 　The quantum vacuum is often viewed as a modern version of an aether theory.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>nothing</b> | 'nʌθiŋ | n. a quantity of no importance<br>r. in no respect; to no degree | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nothing>n. 无, 不关紧要之事, 零<br>adv. 毫不, 决不<br>interj. 什么也没有, 无</a> |  |  | 3.74
<b>anything</b> | 'eniθiŋ | n. Any object, act, state, event, or fact whatever; thing of<br> any kind; something or other; aught; as, I would not do it for<br> anything.<br>n. Expressing an indefinite comparison; -- with as or like.<br>adv. In any measure; anywise; at all. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anything>pron. 任何事</a> |  |  | 3.81
<b>philosophical</b> | .filә'sɒfikl | s. characterized by the attitude of a philosopher; meeting trouble with level-headed detachment | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/philosophical>a. 哲学的, 冷静的, 达观的, 哲学上的, 哲学家似的</a> | -ic |  | 4.94
<b>since</b> | sins | adv. From a definite past time until now; as, he went a month<br> ago, and I have not seen him since.<br>adv. In the time past, counting backward from the present;<br> before this or now; ago.<br>adv. When or that.<br>prep. From the time of; in or during the time subsequent to;<br> subsequently to; after; -- usually with a past event or time for the<br> object.<br>conj. Seeing that; because; considering; -- formerly followed<br> by that. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/since>prep. 自...以后, 自...以来<br>adv. 自那时以后<br>conj. 既然, 自...以后, 自...以来</a> |  |  | 3.34
<b>least</b> | li:st | n. something that is of no importance<br>a. the superlative of `little' that can be used with mass nouns and is usually preceded by `the'; a quantifier meaning smallest in amount or extent or degree<br>r. used to form the superlative | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/least>n. 最少, 最小, 最小限度<br>a. 最少的, 最小的<br>adv. 最小, 最少</a> |  |  | 3.77
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/London>London</a> 
<font size=3>
London is the capital and largest city of England and the United Kingdom, with a population of just under 9 million. 　It stands on the River Thames in south-east England at the head of a 50-mile (80 km) estuary down to the North Sea, and has been a major settlement for two millennia. 　The City of London, its ancient core and financial centre, was founded by the Romans as Londinium and retains its medieval boundaries. 　The City of Westminster, to the west of the City of London, has for centuries hosted the national government and parliament. 　Since the 19th century, the name "London" has also referred to the metropolis around this core, historically split between the counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, Kent, and Hertfordshire, which since 1965 has largely comprised Greater London, which is governed by 33 local authorities and the Greater London Authority. 　As one of the world's major global cities, London exerts a strong influence on its arts, entertainment, fashion, commerce and finance, education, health care, media, science and technology, tourism, and transport and communications. 　Its GDP (€801.66 billion in 2017) makes it the largest urban economy in Europe, and it is one of the major financial centres in the world. 　With Europe's largest concentration of higher education institutions, it is home to some of the highest-ranked academic institutions in the world—Imperial College London in natural and applied sciences, the London School of Economics in social sciences, and the comprehensive University College London. 　London is the most visited city in Europe and has the busiest city airport system in the world. 　The London Underground is the oldest rapid transit system in the world. 　London's diverse cultures encompass over 300 languages. 　The mid-2018 population of Greater London of about 9 million made it Europe's third-most populous city, accounting for 13.4% of the population of the United Kingdom and over 16% of the population of England. 　The Greater London Built-up Area is the fourth-most populous in Europe with about 9.8 million inhabitants at the 2011 census. 　The London metropolitan area is the third-most populous in Europe with about 14 million inhabitants in 2016, granting London the status of a megacity. 　London has four World Heritage Sites: the Tower of London; Kew Gardens; the combined Palace of Westminster, Westminster Abbey, and St Margaret's Church; and also the historic settlement in Greenwich, where the Royal Observatory, Greenwich defines the prime meridian (0° longitude) and Greenwich Mean Time. 　Other landmarks include Buckingham Palace, the London Eye, Piccadilly Circus, St Paul's Cathedral, Tower Bridge, and Trafalgar Square. 　London has many museums, galleries, libraries and cultural venues, including the British Museum, National Gallery, Natural History Museum, Tate Modern, British Library, and numerous West End theatres. 　Important sporting events held in London include the FA Cup Final (held annually at Wembley Stadium), Wimbledon Tennis Championships and the London Marathon. 　In 2012, London became the first city to host three Summer Olympic Games.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>London</b> | 'lʌndәn | n. the capital and largest city of England; located on the Thames in southeastern England; financial and industrial and cultural center<br>n. United States writer of novels based on experiences in the Klondike gold rush (1876-1916) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/London>n. 伦敦</a> |  |  | 3.75
<b>capital</b> | 'kæpitәl | n. assets available for use in the production of further assets<br>n. wealth in the form of money or property owned by a person or business and human resources of economic value<br>n. a seat of government<br>n. one of the large alphabetic characters used as the first letter in writing or printing proper names and sometimes for emphasis; capitals were kept in the upper half of the type case and so became known as upper-case letters" | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/capital>n. 首都, 大写字母, 资本<br>a. 首都的, 重要的</a> | -al2, -ial, -ual |  | 4.04
<b>united</b> | ju:'naitid | a. characterized by unity; being or joined into a single entity | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united>a. 联合的, 团结的, 一致的, 和睦的<br>[法] 联合的, 统一的, 一致的</a> |  | unite | 3.30
<b>kingdom</b> | 'kiŋdәm | n. a domain in which something is dominant<br>n. a country with a king as head of state<br>n. the domain ruled by a king or queen<br>n. a monarchy with a king or queen as head of state | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom>n. 王国, 领域<br>[医] 界(动物,植物,矿物)</a> | -dom |  | 3.98
<b>just</b> | dʒʌst | a. used especially of what is legally or ethically right or proper or fitting<br>r. only a moment ago<br>r. absolutely<br>r. exactly at this moment or the moment described; | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/just>a. 正直的, 合理的, 正确的, 应得的<br>adv. 刚刚, 正好, 仅仅</a> | jud, jur, just |  | 3.17
<b>million</b> | 'miljәn | n. the number that is represented as a one followed by 6 zeros<br>n. a very large indefinite number (usually hyperbole)<br>s. (in Roman numerals, M written with a macron over it) denoting a quantity consisting of 1,000,000 items or units | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/million>n. 百万, 无数<br>num. 百万</a> | mill, milli, -illion |  | 3.80
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Role>Role</a> 
<font size=3>
A role (also rôle or social role) is a set of connected behaviors, rights, obligations, beliefs, and norms as conceptualized by people in a social situation. 　It is an expected or free or continuously changing behavior and may have a given individual social status or social position. 　It is vital to both functionalist and interactionist understandings of society. 　Social role theory posits the following about social behavior: The division of labour in society takes the form of the interaction among heterogeneous specialized positions, we call roles. 　Social roles included appropriate and permitted forms of behavior and actions that recur in a group, guided by social norms, which are commonly known and hence determine the expectations for appropriate behavior in these roles, which further explains the place of a person in the society. 　Roles are occupied by individuals, who are called actors. 　When individuals approve of a social role (i.e., they consider the role legitimate and constructive), they will incur costs to conform to role norms, and will also incur costs to punish those who violate role norms. 　Changed conditions can render a social role outdated or illegitimate, in which case social pressures are likely to lead to role change. 　The anticipation of rewards and punishments, as well as the satisfaction of behaving pro-socially, account for why agents conform to role requirements. 　The notion of the role can be and is examined in the social sciences, specifically economics, sociology and organizational theory.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>role</b> | rәul | n. normal or customary activity of a person in a particular social setting | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/role>n. 角色, 职责, 任务<br>[医] 作用, 功用</a> |  |  | 3.75
<b>conceptualized</b> | kənˈseptjuəlaizd | v have the idea for | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/conceptualized>v. 使有概念( conceptualize的过去式和过去分词 )</a> |  | conceptualize | 6.18
<b>situation</b> | .sitju'eiʃәn | n. the general state of things; the combination of circumstances at a given time<br>n. a condition or position in which you find yourself<br>n. a complex or critical or unusual difficulty | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/situation>n. 情形, 境遇, 位置<br>[医] 情境, 处境</a> |  |  | 4.20
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Island>Island</a> 
<font size=3>
An island or isle is a piece of sub-continental land completely surrounded by water. 　Very small islands such as emergent land features on atolls can be called islets, skerries, cays or keys. 　An island in a river or a lake island may be called an eyot or ait, and a small island off the coast may be called a holm. 　Sedimentary islands in the Ganges Delta are called chars. 　A grouping of geographically or geologically related islands, such as the Philippines, is referred to as an archipelago. 　There are two main types of islands in the sea; continental and oceanic. 　There are also human-made islands.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>island</b> | 'ailәnd | n. a land mass (smaller than a continent) that is surrounded by water<br>n. a zone or area resembling an island | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/island>n. 岛, 岛屿, 孤立地区, 安全岛<br>vt. 使成岛状, 孤立</a> |  |  | 3.75
<b>isle</b> | ail | n. a small island | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/isle>n. 小岛, 群岛<br>vt. 使成为岛状<br>vi. 住在岛屿上</a> |  |  | 4.97
<b>piece</b> | pi:s | n. a separate part of a whole<br>n. an item that is an instance of some type; <br>n. an instance of some kind<br>n. an artistic or literary composition | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/piece>n. 块, 片, 篇, 碎片, 部分, 部件, 标准量<br>vt. 修补, 修理, 拼合, 接线头<br>vi. 吃零食</a> |  |  | 4.23
<b>sub</b> | sʌb | n a large sandwich made of a long crusty roll split lengthwise and filled with meats and cheese (and tomato and onion and lettuce and condiments); different names are used in different sections of the United States<br>n a submersible warship usually armed with torpedoes<br>v be a substitute | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sub>n. 补充人员, 部下, 潜水艇, 胶层, 订户, 傻子<br>a. 附属的, 次级的<br>vt. 替代, 转包<br>vi. 替代<br>[计] 子程式, 用户, 代替, 减法器</a> |  |  | 4.36
<b>continental</b> | .kɒnti'nentl | a. of or pertaining to or typical of Europe<br>a. of or relating to or concerning the American colonies during and immediately after the American Revolutionary War<br>a. of or relating to or characteristic of a continent<br>a. being or concerning or limited to a continent especially the continents of North America or Europe | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/continental>a. 大陆的, 洲的<br>n. 欧洲大陆人</a> | -al2, -ial, -ual |  | 4.72
<b>completely</b> | kәm'pli:tli | r. so as to be complete; with everything necessary | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/completely>adv. 完全地, 十分地, 圆满地</a> |  |  | 4.13
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Association_(ecology)>Association (ecology)</a> 
<font size=3>
In phytosociology and community ecology an association is a type of ecological community with a predictable species composition and consistent physiognomy (structural appearance) which occurs in a particular habitat type.　: 181  The term was first coined by Alexander von Humboldt: 16  and formalised by the International Botanical Congress in 1910.: 182  An association can be viewed as a real, integrated entity shaped either by species interactions or by similar habitat requirements, or it can be viewed as merely a common point along a continuum. 　The former view was championed by American ecologist Frederic Clements, who viewed the association as a whole that was more than the sum of its parts, and by Josias Braun-Blanquet, a Swiss-born phytosociologist. 　On the other end of the argument was American ecologist Henry Gleason,: 182–183  who saw these groupings of plant species as a coincidence produced by the "fluctuation and fortuitous immigration of plants, and an equally fluctuating and variable environment".
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>phytosociology</b> | ,faitәu,sәusi'ɔlәdʒi |  | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phytosociology>n. [生]植物社会学</a> |  |  | 10.00
<b>type</b> | taip | n. a subdivision of a particular kind of thing<br>n. (biology) the taxonomic group whose characteristics are used to define the next higher taxon<br>n. printed characters<br>n. all of the tokens of the same symbol | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/type>n. 类型, 样式, 典型, 榜样, 标志, 符号, 型, 式<br>vi. 打字<br>vt. 作为代表, 测定类型, 用打字机打<br>[计] 类型; 键入; DOS内部命令:在屏幕上显示指定文件的内容</a> |  |  | 3.79
<b>predictable</b> | pri'diktәbl | a. capable of being foretold | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/predictable>a. 可预言的</a> | pre- |  | 5.52
<b>consistent</b> | kәn'sistәnt | a. (sometimes followed by `with') in agreement or consistent or reliable<br>s. the same throughout in structure or composition | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/consistent>a. 一致的, 坚持的, 并立的, 坚固的</a> |  |  | 4.39
<b>physiognomy</b> | .fizi'ɒgnәmi | n the human face (`kisser' and `smiler' and `mug' are informal terms for `face' and `phiz' is British) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/physiognomy>n. 相面术, 面相, 外貌, 地貌<br>[医] 面容诊断, 面容, 面相</a> | phys, physio |  | 6.56
<b>structural</b> | 'strʌktʃәrәl | a. relating to or caused by structure, especially political or economic structure<br>a. relating to or having or characterized by structure<br>s. affecting or involved in structure or construction; not ornamental elements"<br>s. concerned with systematic structure in a particular field of study | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/structural>a. 结构的, 建筑的<br>[医] 结构的</a> |  |  | 4.63
<b>appearance</b> | ә'piәrәns | n. outward or visible aspect of a person or thing<br>n. the event of coming into sight<br>n. formal attendance (in court or at a hearing) of a party in an action<br>n. a mental representation | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/appearance>n. 出现, 露面, 外观, 外表, 出版<br>[计] 外观, 版面</a> |  |  | 4.12
<b>particular</b> | pә'tikjulә | n. a fact about some part (as opposed to general)<br>n. (logic) a proposition that asserts something about some (but not all) members of a class<br>s. unique or specific to a person or thing or category<br>s. separate and distinct from others of the same group or category | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/particular>n. 一项(或条、点), 个别项目, 详细说明<br>a. 特别的, 独有的, 挑剔的, 详尽的</a> | -ar1 |  | 3.91
<b>habitat</b> | 'hæbitæt | n. the type of environment in which an organism or group normally lives or occurs | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/habitat>n. 栖息地, 居留地, 自生地, 聚集处<br>[医] 习生地, 产地, 生境, 栖所</a> | hab, hib |  | 4.72
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Association_(psychology)>Association (psychology)</a> 
<font size=3>
Association in psychology refers to a mental connection between concepts, events, or mental states that usually stems from specific experiences. 　Associations are seen throughout several schools of thought in psychology including behaviorism, associationism, psychoanalysis, social psychology, and structuralism. 　The idea stems from Plato and Aristotle, especially with regard to the succession of memories, and it was carried on by philosophers such as John Locke, David Hume, David Hartley, and James Mill. 　It finds its place in modern psychology in such areas as memory, learning, and the study of neural pathways.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>mental</b> | 'mentl | a. involving the mind or an intellectual process<br>a. of or relating to the mind<br>a. of or relating to the chin- or liplike structure in insects and certain mollusks<br>s. affected by a disorder of the mind | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mental>a. 心智的, 精神病的, 心理的, 颏的<br>n. 精神病患者</a> | ment |  | 4.48
<b>connection</b> | kә'nekʃәn | n. a relation between things or events (as in the case of one causing the other or sharing features with it)<br>n. the state of being connected<br>n. an instrumentality that connects<br>n. (usually plural) a person who is influential and to whom you are connected in some way (as by family or friendship) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/connection>n. 连接, 关系, 前后关系<br>[计] 连接</a> |  |  | 4.29
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Result>Result</a> 
<font size=3>
A result (also called upshot) is the final consequence of a sequence of actions or events expressed qualitatively or quantitatively. 　Possible results include advantage, disadvantage, gain, injury, loss, value and victory. 　There may be a range of possible outcomes associated with an event depending on the point of view, historical distance or relevance. 　Reaching no result can mean that actions are inefficient, ineffective, meaningless or flawed. 　Some types of result are as follows: in general, the outcome of any kind of research, action or phenomenon in games (e.g. cricket, lotteries) or wars, the result includes the identity of the victorious party and possibly the effects on the environment in mathematics, the final value of a calculation (e.g. arithmetic operation), function or statistical expression, or the final statement of a theorem that has been proven in statistics, any information analyzed, extracted or interpolated from polls, tests or logs in computer sciences, the return value of a function, state of a system or list of records matching a query (e.g. web search). 　The result type is the data type of the data returned by a function. 　in science, the outcome of an experiment (e.g. see null hypothesis) in forensics and justice, the proof of guilt or innocence of a suspect after evaluating evidence in a criminal investigation in economics and accounting, the profit or loss at the end of a fiscal period. 　in democracy, the election of a representative or the outcome of a vote on a subject In management and related fields, a result is a piece of information that has certain properties in absolute terms or in relation to previous results or settings In a chemistry mix, the result is the final item
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>result</b> | ri'zʌlt | n. something that results<br>v. issue or terminate (in a specified way, state, etc.); end<br>v. come about or follow as a consequence | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/result>n. 结果, 成绩, 答案<br>vi. 产生, 结果, 致使<br>[计] 结果</a> |  |  | 3.76
<b>upshot</b> | 'ʌpʃɒt | n a phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous phenomenon | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/upshot>n. 结果, 结局, (论证的)要点</a> |  |  | 6.62
<b>consequence</b> | 'kɒnsikwәns | n. a phenomenon that follows and is caused by some previous phenomenon<br>n. the outcome of an event especially as relative to an individual<br>n. having important effects or influence | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/consequence>n. 结果, 重要性<br>[法] 结果, 后果, 推断</a> | -ance, -ence, -ency, -ancy |  | 4.68
<b>expressed</b> | iksˈprest | s. communicated in words | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/expressed>v. 表达( express的过去式和过去分词 ); （用符号等）表示; 榨; [express oneself]（如在说话、写作或绘画中）表达（自己）的意见</a> |  | express | 4.40
<b>qualitatively</b> | 'kwɒlɪtətɪvlɪ | r. in a qualitative manner | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/qualitatively>adv. 质量上</a> |  |  | 5.48
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Education>Education</a> 
<font size=3>
Education is a purposeful activity directed at achieving certain aims, such as transmitting knowledge or fostering skills and character traits. 　These aims may include the development of understanding, rationality, kindness, and honesty. 　Various researchers emphasize the role of critical thinking in order to distinguish education from indoctrination. 　Some theorists require that education results in an improvement of the student while others prefer a value-neutral definition of the term. 　In a slightly different sense, education may also refer, not to the process, but to the product of this process: the mental states and dispositions possessed by educated people. 　Education originated as the transmission of cultural heritage from one generation to the next. 　Today, educational goals increasingly encompass new ideas such as the liberation of learners, skills needed for modern society, empathy, and complex vocational skills. 　Types of education are commonly divided into formal, non-formal, and informal education. 　Formal education takes place in education and training institutions, is usually structured by curricular aims and objectives, and learning is typically guided by a teacher. 　In most regions, formal education is compulsory up to a certain age and commonly divided into educational stages such as kindergarten, primary school and secondary school. 　Nonformal education occurs as addition or alternative to formal education. 　It may be structured according to educational arrangements, but in a more flexible manner, and usually takes place in community-based, workplace-based or civil society-based settings. 　Lastly, informal education occurs in daily life, in the family, any experience that has a formative effect on the way one thinks, feels, or acts may be considered educational, whether unintentional or intentional. 　In practice there is a continuum from the highly formalized to the highly informalized, and informal learning can occur in all three settings. 　For instance, homeschooling can be classified as nonformal or informal, depending upon the structure. 　Regardless of setting, educational methods include teaching, training, storytelling, discussion, and directed research. 　The methodology of teaching is called pedagogy. 　Education is supported by a variety of different philosophies, theories and empirical research agendas. 　There are movements for education reforms, such as for improving quality and efficiency of education towards relevance in students' lives and efficient problem solving in modern or future society at large, or for evidence-based education methodologies. 　A right to education has been recognized by some governments and the United Nations. 　For example, 24 January is the International Day of Education. 　At UN - level, several observance years and decades have been dedicated to education, such as 1970 International Education Year. 　Education is also one of the 17 Global Goals, where global initiatives aim at achieving Sustainable Development Goal 4, which promotes quality education for all.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>purposeful</b> | 'pә:pәsful | a. serving as or indicating the existence of a purpose or goal<br>s. having meaning through having an aim | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/purposeful>a. 有目的的<br>[法] 有意图的, 有目的的, 故意的</a> | pos, -pose, pon, -pone, -pound |  | 6.04
<b>character</b> | 'kærәktә | n. the inherent complex of attributes that determines a persons moral and ethical actions and reactions<br>n. an actor's portrayal of someone in a play<br>n. a person of a specified kind (usually with many eccentricities)<br>n. good repute | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/character>n. 个性, 字符, 人物, 性质, 品格, 资格<br>[计] 字符</a> |  |  | 3.87
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Society>Society</a> 
<font size=3>
A society is a group of individuals involved in persistent social interaction, or a large social group sharing the same spatial or social territory, typically subject to the same political authority and dominant cultural expectations. 　Societies are characterized by patterns of relationships (social relations) between individuals who share a distinctive culture and institutions; a given society may be described as the sum total of such relationships among its constituent of members. 　In the social sciences, a larger society often exhibits stratification or dominance patterns in subgroups. 　Societies construct patterns of behavior by deeming certain actions or concepts as acceptable or unacceptable. 　These patterns of behavior within a given society are known as societal norms. 　Societies, and their norms, undergo gradual and perpetual changes. 　So far as it is collaborative, a society can enable its members to benefit in ways that would otherwise be difficult on an individual basis; both individual and social (common) benefits can thus be distinguished, or in many cases found to overlap. 　A society can also consist of like-minded people governed by their own norms and values within a dominant, larger society. 　This is sometimes referred to as a subculture, a term used extensively within criminology, and also applied to distinctive subsections of a larger society. 　More broadly, and especially within structuralist thought, a society may be illustrated as an economic, social, industrial or cultural infrastructure, made up of, yet distinct from, a varied collection of individuals. 　In this regard society can mean the objective relationships people have with the material world and with other people, rather than "other people" beyond the individual and their familiar social environment.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>society</b> | sә'saiәti | n. an extended social group having a distinctive cultural and economic organization<br>n. the fashionable elite | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/society>n. 社会；社交界；交往；社团</a> |  |  | 3.78
<b>involved</b> | in'vɔlvd | a. connected by participation or association or use<br>s. entangled or hindered as if e.g. in mire<br>s. emotionally involved<br>s. enveloped | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/involved>a. 难懂的, 复杂的, 不易懂的, 卷入...之中的, 累及..., 与...有关, 被纠缠的<br>[计] 包含, 涉及</a> |  | involve | 3.96
<b>persistent</b> | pә'sistәnt | s. never-ceasing<br>a. retained; not shed | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persistent>a. 固执的, 坚持的, 持续的, 作用持久的<br>[法] 坚持的, 固执的, 持续的</a> | per- |  | 5.13
<b>sharing</b> | 'ʃeәriŋ | n. using or enjoying something jointly with others<br>n. having in common<br>n. a distribution in shares | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sharing>[计] 共享, 公用</a> |  | share | 4.66
<b>spatial</b> | 'speiʃәl | a. pertaining to or involving or having the nature of space | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spatial>a. 空间的, 受空间条件限制的, 占地位的<br>[医] 隙的, 间隙的, 腔的; 空间的, 立体的</a> |  |  | 4.56
<b>territory</b> | 'teritәri | n. an area of knowledge or interest<br>n. the geographical area under the jurisdiction of a sovereign state | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/territory>n. 领土, 领地, 版图, 地区, 活动范围<br>[经] (推销员等的)推销区域</a> | terr, terra |  | 4.19
<b>subject</b> | 'sʌbdʒekt | n. the subject matter of a conversation or discussion<br>n. something (a person or object or scene) selected by an artist or photographer for graphic representation<br>n. (grammar) one of the two main constituents of a sentence; the grammatical constituent about which something is predicated<br>n. a person who is subjected to experimental or other observational procedures; someone who is an object of investigation | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/subject>n. 科目, 主题, 臣民, 主语, 题目, (事物的)经受者, 学科, 受治疗者, 原因, 理由<br>a. 服从的, 易患...的, 隶属的, 受支配的<br>adv. 在...条件下<br>vt. 使隶属, 使受到<br>[计] 主题, 主体</a> | ject, jet, jac |  | 4.03
<b>dominant</b> | 'dɒminәnt | n. (music) the fifth note of the diatonic scale<br>a. exercising influence or control<br>a. (of genes) producing the same phenotype whether its allele is identical or dissimilar | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dominant>a. 占优势的, 支配的<br>[医] 优性的, 显性的</a> | dom1, domin |  | 4.67
<b>cultural</b> | 'kʌltʃәrәl | a. of or relating to the arts and manners that a group favors<br>s. denoting or deriving from or distinctive of the ways of living built up by a group of people<br>a. of or relating to the shared knowledge and values of a society<br>a. relating to the raising of plants or animals | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cultural>a. 文化的, 教养的, 修养的<br>[医] 培养的</a> | -al2, -ial, -ual |  | 4.14
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yet>Yet</a> 
<font size=3>
Look up yet in Wiktionary, the free dictionary. 　Yet is a common English word that, when used as a conjunction, is equivalent to the words "but" or "nevertheless". 　However, used as an adverb, yet defines an action's persistence in time. 　The word can define an action in the past, present or future: I have never yet been late. 　I yet stand. 　I will yet arrive. 　"yet" in questions: What do you have yet to learn? 　(in the future) 　Have you done it yet? 　<=> Have you already done it? 　(in the past) 　The above use of "yet" is illogical, but very common and thus considered correct. 　Yet, or YET, may also refer to: YET, the IATA code for Edson Airport, Alberta, Canada YET, the National Rail code for Yetminster railway station in Dorset, UK "Yet" (song) by the American band Exile Yett, sometimes spelt yet is a local dialect term in lowland Scotland and Cumbria for a reinforced door or gate
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>yet</b> | jet | r. up to the present time<br>r. within an indefinite time or at an unspecified future time | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yet>adv. 还, 尚, 仍然, 已经, 然而<br>conj. 然而</a> |  |  | 3.79
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Language>Language</a> 
<font size=3>
Language is a structured system of communication that consists of grammar and vocabulary. 　It is the primary means by which humans convey meaning, both in spoken and written forms, and may also be conveyed through sign languages. 　The vast majority of human languages have developed writing systems that allow for the recording and preservation of the sounds or signs of language. 　Human language is characterized by its cultural and historical diversity, with significant variations observed between cultures and across time. 　Human languages possess the properties of productivity and displacement, which enable the creation of an infinite number of sentences, and the ability to refer to objects, events, and ideas that are not immediately present in the discourse. 　The use of human language relies on social convention and is acquired through learning. 　Estimates of the number of human languages in the world vary between 5,000 and 7,000. 　Precise estimates depend on an arbitrary distinction (dichotomy) established between languages and dialects. 　Natural languages are spoken, signed, or both; however, any language can be encoded into secondary media using auditory, visual, or tactile stimuli – for example, writing, whistling, signing, or braille. 　In other words, human language is modality-independent, but written or signed language is the way to inscribe or encode the natural human speech or gestures. 　Depending on philosophical perspectives regarding the definition of language and meaning, when used as a general concept, "language" may refer to the cognitive ability to learn and use systems of complex communication, or to describe the set of rules that makes up these systems, or the set of utterances that can be produced from those rules. 　All languages rely on the process of semiosis to relate signs to particular meanings. 　Oral, manual and tactile languages contain a phonological system that governs how symbols are used to form sequences known as words or morphemes, and a syntactic system that governs how words and morphemes are combined to form phrases and utterances. 　The scientific study of language is called linguistics. 　Critical examinations of languages, such as philosophy of language, the relationships between language and thought, how words represent experience, etc., have been debated at least since Gorgias and Plato in ancient Greek civilization. 　Thinkers such as Jean-Jacques Rousseau (1712–1778) have argued that language originated from emotions, while others like Immanuel Kant (1724–1804) have argued that languages originated from rational and logical thought. 　Twentieth century philosophers such as Ludwig Wittgenstein (1889–1951) argued that philosophy is really the study of language itself. 　Major figures in contemporary linguistics of these times include Ferdinand de Saussure and Noam Chomsky. 　Language is thought to have gradually diverged from earlier primate communication systems when early hominins acquired the ability to form a theory of mind and shared intentionality. 　This development is sometimes thought to have coincided with an increase in brain volume, and many linguists see the structures of language as having evolved to serve specific communicative and social functions. 　Language is processed in many different locations in the human brain, but especially in Broca's and Wernicke's areas. 　Humans acquire language through social interaction in early childhood, and children generally speak fluently by approximately three years old. 　Language and culture are codependent. 　Therefore, in addition to its strictly communicative uses, language has social uses such as signifying group identity, social stratification, as well as use for social grooming and entertainment. 　Languages evolve and diversify over time, and the history of their evolution can be reconstructed by comparing modern languages to determine which traits their ancestral languages must have had in order for the later developmental stages to occur. 　A group of languages that descend from a common ancestor is known as a language family; in contrast, a language that has been demonstrated to not have any living or non-living relationship with another language is called a language isolate. 　There are also many unclassified languages whose relationships have not been established, and spurious languages may have not existed at all. 　Academic consensus holds that between 50% and 90% of languages spoken at the beginning of the 21st century will probably have become extinct by the year 2100.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>consists</b> | kənˈsists | v originate (in)<br>v have its essential character; be comprised or contained in; be embodied in<br>v be consistent in form, tenor, or character; be congruous<br>v be composed of | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/consists>v. 由…组成( consist的第三人称单数 ); 包括; 存在于; 表现为（常与 in 连用）</a> |  | consist | 4.22
<b>grammar</b> | 'græmә | n. the branch of linguistics that deals with syntax and morphology (and sometimes also deals with semantics) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grammar>n. 语法学, 入门书<br>[计] 语法检查</a> | gram |  | 4.86
<b>vocabulary</b> | vә'kæbjulәri | n. a listing of the words used in some enterprise<br>n. a language user's knowledge of words<br>n. the system of techniques or symbols serving as a means of expression (as in arts or crafts) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vocabulary>n. 词汇(量), 词汇表<br>[计] 词表</a> | voc, -voke |  | 5.30
</font>
<br>



