## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Site>Site</a> 
<font size=3>
Look up site in Wiktionary, the free dictionary. 　Site most often refers to: Archaeological site Campsite, a place used for overnight stay in an outdoor area Construction site Location, a point or an area on the Earth's surface or elsewhere Website, a set of related web pages, typically with a common domain name It may also refer to: Site, a National Register of Historic Places property type SITE (originally known as Sculpture in the Environment), an American architecture and design firm Site (mathematics), a category C together with a Grothendieck topology on C The Site, a 1990s TV series that aired on MSNBC SITE Intelligence Group, a for-profit organization tracking jihadist and white supremacist organizations SITE Institute, a terrorism-tracking organization, precursor to the SITE Intelligence Group Sindh Industrial and Trading Estate, a company in Sindh, Pakistan SITE Centers, American commercial real estate company SITE Town, a densely populated town in Karachi, Pakistan S.I.T.E Industrial Area, an area in Karachi, Pakistan Satellite Instructional Television Experiment, an experimental satellite communications project launched in India in 1975 Google Sites, web based website editor
</font>

<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_(biology)>Type (biology)</a> 
<font size=3>
In biology, a type is a particular specimen (or in some cases a group of specimens) of an organism to which the scientific name of that organism is formally attached. 　In other words, a type is an example that serves to anchor or centralizes the defining features of that particular taxon. 　In older usage (pre-1900 in botany), a type was a taxon rather than a specimen. 　A taxon is a scientifically named grouping of organisms with other like organisms, a set that includes some organisms and excludes others, based on a detailed published description (for example a species description) and on the provision of type material, which is usually available to scientists for examination in a major museum research collection, or similar institution.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>specimen</b> | 'spesimәn | n. an example regarded as typical of its class<br>n. a bit of tissue or blood or urine that is taken for diagnostic purposes | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/specimen>n. 样品, 标本, 试料<br>[化] 试样</a> | spect, spec, spic, spectro |  | 5.01
<b>specimens</b> | ˈspesimənz | n. an example regarded as typical of its class<br>n. a bit of tissue or blood or urine that is taken for diagnostic purposes | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/specimens>n. 样品( specimen的复数形式 ); 范例; （化验的）抽样; 某种类型的人</a> |  | specimen | 4.93
<b>scientific</b> | .saiәn'tifik | a. of or relating to the practice of science<br>a. conforming with the principles or methods used in science | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scientific>a. 科学的, 系统的, 符合科学规律的<br>[计] 科学记数法</a> | -fic |  | 4.25
<b>formally</b> | 'fɒ:mәli | r. with official authorization<br>r. in a formal manner | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/formally>adv. 正式地, 形式上</a> | form |  | 4.60
<b>attached</b> | ә'tætʃt | a. used of buildings joined by common sidewalls<br>a. associated in an exclusive sexual relationship<br>s. fond and affectionate | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/attached>a. 附加的；依恋的, 充满爱心的</a> |  | attach | 4.48
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Election>Election</a> 
<font size=3>
An election is a formal group decision-making process by which a population chooses an individual or multiple individuals to hold public office. 　Elections have been the usual mechanism by which modern representative democracy has operated since the 17th century. 　Elections may fill offices in the legislature, sometimes in the executive and judiciary, and for regional and local government. 　This process is also used in many other private and business organisations, from clubs to voluntary associations and corporations. 　The global use of elections as a tool for selecting representatives in modern representative democracies is in contrast with the practice in the democratic archetype, ancient Athens, where the elections were considered an oligarchic institution and most political offices were filled using sortition, also known as allotment, by which officeholders were chosen by lot. 　Electoral reform describes the process of introducing fair electoral systems where they are not in place, or improving the fairness or effectiveness of existing systems. 　Psephology is the study of results and other statistics relating to elections (especially with a view to predicting future results). 　Election is the fact of electing, or being elected. 　To elect means "to select or make a decision", and so sometimes other forms of ballot such as referendums are referred to as elections, especially in the United States.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>election</b> | i'lekʃәn | n. a vote to select the winner of a position or political office<br>n. the act of selecting someone or something; the exercise of deliberate choice<br>n. the status or fact of being elected<br>n. the predestination of some individuals as objects of divine mercy (especially as conceived by Calvinists) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/election>n. 选举, 当选, 选择权<br>[法] 选举, 当选</a> | leg2, lect1, lig |  | 3.79
<b>formal</b> | 'fɒ:mәl | a. being in accord with established forms and conventions and requirements (as e.g. of formal dress)<br>s. characteristic of or befitting a person in authority<br>a. (of spoken and written language) adhering to traditional standards of correctness and without casual, contracted, and colloquial forms<br>s. logically deductive | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/formal>a. 正式的, 形式的, 礼仪的, 拘于礼节的, 拘谨的<br>n. 正式的社交活动</a> | -al2, -ial, -ual |  | 4.48
<b>decision</b> | di'siʒәn | n. the act of making up your mind about something<br>n. a position or opinion or judgment reached after consideration<br>n. (boxing) a victory won on points when no knockout has occurred<br>n. the outcome of a game or contest | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/decision>n. 决定, 决心, 决断<br>[计] 判定</a> | cis, cid1, -cide |  | 4.03
<b>chooses</b> | tʃu:ziz | v pick out, select, or choose from a number of alternatives<br>v select as an alternative over another<br>v see fit or proper to act in a certain way; decide to act in a certain way | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chooses>v. 挑选( choose的第三人称单数 ); 选择; 选定; 喜欢</a> |  | choose | 5.30
<b>multiple</b> | 'mʌltipl | n. the product of a quantity by an integer<br>a. having or involving or consisting of more than one part or entity or individual | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/multiple>n. 倍数, 并联<br>a. 多样的, 许多的, 多功能的</a> | multi- |  | 4.03
<b>hold</b> | hәuld | n. power by which something or someone is affected or dominated<br>n. a stronghold<br>n. a cell in a jail or prison<br>v. have or hold in one's hands or grip | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hold>n. 把握, 把持力, 柄, 控制, 掌握, 监禁<br>vt. 保存, 握住, 拿住, 占据, 持有, 拥有<br>vi. 支持, 持续, 有效<br>n. 保留<br>[计] 保留</a> |  |  | 3.99
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Title>Title</a> 
<font size=3>
A title is one or more words used before or after a person's name, in certain contexts. 　It may signify either generation, an official position, or a professional or academic qualification. 　In some languages, titles may be inserted between the first and last name (for example, Graf in German, Cardinal in Catholic usage (Richard Cardinal Cushing) or clerical titles such as Archbishop). 　Some titles are hereditary.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>after</b> | 'ɑ:ftә | s. located farther aft<br>r. behind or in the rear | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/after>prep. 在...之后, 由于<br>conj. 在...之后<br>adv. 后来</a> |  |  | 2.86
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fire>Fire</a> 
<font size=3>
Fire is the rapid oxidation of a material (the fuel) in the exothermic chemical process of combustion, releasing heat, light, and various reaction products. 　At a certain point in the combustion reaction, called the ignition point, flames are produced. 　The flame is the visible portion of the fire. 　Flames consist primarily of carbon dioxide, water vapor, oxygen and nitrogen. 　If hot enough, the gases may become ionized to produce plasma. 　Depending on the substances alight, and any impurities outside, the color of the flame and the fire's intensity will be different. 　Fire in its most common form can result in conflagration, which has the potential to cause physical damage through burning. 　Fire is an important process that affects ecological systems around the globe. 　The positive effects of fire include stimulating growth and maintaining various ecological systems. 　Its negative effects include hazard to life and property, atmospheric pollution, and water contamination. 　If fire removes protective vegetation, heavy rainfall may lead to an increase in soil erosion by water. 　Also, when vegetation is burned, the nitrogen it contains is released into the atmosphere, unlike elements such as potassium and phosphorus which remain in the ash and are quickly recycled into the soil. 　This loss of nitrogen caused by a fire produces a long-term reduction in the fertility of the soil, but this fecundity can potentially be recovered as molecular nitrogen in the atmosphere is "fixed" and converted to ammonia by natural phenomena such as lightning and by leguminous plants that are "nitrogen-fixing" such as clover, peas, and green beans. 　Fire is one of the four classical elements and has been used by humans in rituals, in agriculture for clearing land, for cooking, generating heat and light, for signaling, propulsion purposes, smelting, forging, incineration of waste, cremation, and as a weapon or mode of destruction.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>fire</b> | 'faiә | n. the event of something burning (often destructive)<br>n. the act of firing weapons or artillery at an enemy<br>n. the process of combustion of inflammable materials producing heat and light and (often) smoke<br>n. a fireplace in which a relatively small fire is burning | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fire>n. 火, 炉火, 电炉, 火灾, 闪光体, 炮火, 热情<br>vt. 点燃, 烧制, 使发光, 激动, 放枪, 解雇<br>vi. 着火, 烧火, 开枪, 射击, 激动</a> |  |  | 3.80
<b>rapid</b> | 'ræpid | n. a part of a river where the current is very fast<br>s. done or occurring in a brief period of time<br>s. characterized by speed; moving with or capable of moving with high speed | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rapid>a. 迅速的, 飞快的, 急促的, 陡的<br>n. 急流</a> |  |  | 4.54
<b>oxidation</b> | .ɒksi'deiʃәn | n. the process of oxidizing; the addition of oxygen to a compound with a loss of electrons; always occurs accompanied by reduction | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oxidation>n. 氧化<br>[化] 氧化</a> |  |  | 5.43
<b>fuel</b> | 'fjuәl | n. a substance that can be consumed to produce energy<br>v. provide with a combustible substance that provides energy<br>v. provide with fuel<br>v. take in fuel, as of a ship | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fuel>n. 燃料, 木炭<br>vt. 加燃料, 供燃料<br>vi. 得到燃料</a> |  |  | 4.49
<b>exothermic</b> | .eksәu'θә:mik | a. (of a chemical reaction or compound) occurring or formed with the liberation of heat | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/exothermic>a. 发热的, 放出热量的<br>[医] 放热的</a> | therm, thermo |  | 6.56
<b>combustion</b> | kәm'bʌstʃәn | n. a process in which a substance reacts with oxygen to give heat and light<br>n. a state of violent disturbance and excitement | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/combustion>n. 燃烧, 骚动<br>[化] 燃烧</a> |  |  | 5.37
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Design>Design</a> 
<font size=3>
A design is a plan or specification for the construction of an object or system or for the implementation of an activity or process or the result of that plan or specification in the form of a prototype, product, or process. 　The verb to design expresses the process of developing a design. 　In some cases, the direct construction of an object without an explicit prior plan (such as in craftwork, some engineering, coding, and graphic design) may also be considered to be a design activity. 　The design usually has to satisfy certain goals and constraints; may take into account aesthetic, functional, economic, or socio-political considerations; and is expected to interact with a certain environment. 　Typical examples of designs include architectural and engineering drawings, circuit diagrams, sewing patterns and less tangible artefacts such as business process models.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>design</b> | di'zain | n. the act of working out the form of something (as by making a sketch or outline or plan)<br>n. an arrangement scheme<br>n. a decorative or artistic work<br>n. a preliminary sketch indicating the plan for something | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/design>n. 设计, 图样, 方案, 企图<br>v. 设计, 计划</a> | de- |  | 3.80
<b>plan</b> | plæn | n. a series of steps to be carried out or goals to be accomplished<br>n. scale drawing of a structure<br>v. have the will and intention to carry out some action<br>v. make plans for something | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plan>n. 计划, 方案, 策略, 方法, 进度表, 程序表, 平面图, 设计图, 轮廓, 示意图<br>vt. 计划, 设计, 意欲<br>vi. 订计划</a> |  |  | 3.98
<b>specification</b> | .spesifi'keiʃәn | n. a detailed description of design criteria for a piece of work<br>n. naming explicitly<br>n. (patent law) a document drawn up by the applicant for a patent of invention that provides an explicit and detailed description of the nature and use of an invention | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/specification>n. 规格, 详述, 详细说明书<br>[计] 规范; 形式说明; 说明; 说明书; 规格</a> |  |  | 5.12
<b>construction</b> | kәn'strʌkʃәn | n. the act of constructing something<br>n. a group of words that form a constituent of a sentence and are considered as a single unit<br>n. the creation of a construct; the process of combining ideas into a congruous object of thought<br>n. drawing a figure satisfying certain conditions as part of solving a problem or proving a theorem | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/construction>n. 建筑, 构造, 建筑物<br>[化] 施工</a> | struct |  | 3.88
<b>implementation</b> | .implimen'teiʃәn | n. the act of implementing (providing a practical means for accomplishing something); carrying into effect | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/implementation>n. 安装启用, 实行, 履行<br>[计] 实施; 实现</a> |  |  | 4.55
<b>prototype</b> | 'prәutәtaip | n. a standard or typical example | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prototype>n. 原型<br>[计] 样机; 原型</a> | proto, prot |  | 4.89
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Car>Car</a> 
<font size=3>
A car or automobile is a motor vehicle with wheels. 　Most definitions of cars say that they run primarily on roads, seat one to eight people, have four wheels, and mainly transport people (rather than goods). 　Cars were invented in 1886, when German inventor Carl Benz patented his Benz Patent-Motorwagen. 　Cars became widely available during the 20th century. 　One of the first cars affordable by the masses was the 1908 Model T, an American car manufactured by the Ford Motor Company. 　Cars were rapidly adopted in the US, where they replaced horse-drawn carriages. 　In Europe and other parts of the world, demand for automobiles did not increase until after World War II. 　The car is considered an essential part of the developed economy. 　Cars have controls for driving, parking, passenger comfort, and a variety of lights. 　Over the decades, additional features and controls have been added to vehicles, making them progressively more complex. 　These include rear-reversing cameras, air conditioning, navigation systems, and in-car entertainment. 　Most cars in use in the early 2020s are propelled by an internal combustion engine, fuelled by the combustion of fossil fuels. 　Electric cars, which were invented early in the history of the car, became commercially available in the 2000s and are predicted to cost less to buy than gasoline cars before 2025. 　The transition from fossil fuels to electric cars features prominently in most climate change mitigation scenarios, such as Project Drawdown's 100 actionable solutions for climate change. 　There are costs and benefits to car use. 　The costs to the individual include acquiring the vehicle, interest payments (if the car is financed), repairs and maintenance, fuel, depreciation, driving time, parking fees, taxes, and insurance. 　The costs to society include maintaining roads, land use, road congestion, air pollution, noise pollution, public health and disposing of the vehicle at the end of its life. 　Traffic collisions are the largest cause of injury-related deaths worldwide. 　Personal benefits include on-demand transportation, mobility, independence, and convenience. 　Societal benefits include economic benefits, such as job and wealth creation from the automotive industry, transportation provision, societal well-being from leisure and travel opportunities, and revenue generation from taxes. 　People's ability to move flexibly from place to place has far-reaching implications for the nature of societies. 　There are around one billion cars in use worldwide. 　Car usage is increasing rapidly, especially in China, India, and other newly industrialized countries.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>car</b> | kɑ: | n. a motor vehicle with four wheels; usually propelled by an internal combustion engine<br>n. a wheeled vehicle adapted to the rails of railroad<br>n. the compartment that is suspended from an airship and that carries personnel and the cargo and the power plant<br>n. where passengers ride up and down | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/car>n. 汽车, 客车<br>[机] 车</a> |  |  | 3.80
<b>automobile</b> | 'ɒ:tәmәbi:l | v. travel in an automobile | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/automobile>n. 汽车<br>[机] 汽车</a> | aut, auto |  | 5.02
<b>motor</b> | 'mәutә | n. machine that converts other forms of energy into mechanical energy and so imparts motion<br>n. a nonspecific agent that imparts motion | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/motor>n. 马达, 发动机, 原动力, 汽车<br>a. 马达的, 发动机的, 汽车的, 发动的<br>vt. 推动, 以汽车载运<br>vi. 乘汽车, 驾车</a> | -er, -or, -ar2 |  | 4.52
<b>wheels</b> | 'hwi:ls | n a simple machine consisting of a circular frame with spokes (or a solid disc) that can rotate on a shaft or axle (as in vehicles or other machines)<br>n a handwheel that is used for steering<br>n forces that provide energy and direction<br>n a circular helm to control the rudder of a vessel<br>n game equipment consisting of a wheel with slots that is used for gambling; the wheel rotates horizontally and players bet on which slot the roulette ball will stop in<br>n an instrument of torture that stretches or disjoints or mutilates victims<br>n a wheeled vehicle that has two wheels and is moved by foot pedals<br>v change directions as if revolving on a pivot<br>v wheel somebody or something<br>v move along on or as if on wheels or a wheeled vehicle<br>v ride a bicycle | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wheels>n. 旋转；车轮（wheel的复数）</a> |  | wheel | 4.88
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Police>Police</a> 
<font size=3>
The police are a constituted body of persons empowered by a state, with the aim to enforce the law, to ensure the safety, health, and possessions of citizens, and to prevent crime and civil disorder. 　Their lawful powers include arrest and the use of force legitimized by the state via the monopoly on violence. 　The term is most commonly associated with the police forces of a sovereign state that are authorized to exercise the police power of that state within a defined legal or territorial area of responsibility. 　Police forces are often defined as being separate from the military and other organizations involved in the defense of the state against foreign aggressors; however, gendarmerie are military units charged with civil policing. 　Police forces are usually public sector services, funded through taxes. 　Law enforcement is only part of policing activity. 　Policing has included an array of activities in different situations, but the predominant ones are concerned with the preservation of order. 　In some societies, in the late 18th and early 19th centuries, these developed within the context of maintaining the class system and the protection of private property. 　Police forces have become ubiquitous in modern societies. 　Nevertheless, their role can be controversial, as they may be involved to varying degrees in corruption, brutality, and the enforcement of authoritarian rule. 　A police force may also be referred to as a police department, police service, constabulary, gendarmerie, crime prevention, protective services, law enforcement agency, civil guard, or civic guard. 　Members may be referred to as police officers, troopers, sheriffs, constables, rangers, peace officers or civic/civil guards. 　Ireland differs from other English-speaking countries by using the Irish language terms Garda (singular) and Gardaí (plural), for both the national police force and its members. 　The word police is the most universal and similar terms can be seen in many non-English speaking countries. 　Numerous slang terms exist for the police. 　Many slang terms for police officers are decades or centuries old with lost etymologies. 　One of the oldest, cop, has largely lost its slang connotations and become a common colloquial term used both by the public and police officers to refer to their profession.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>police</b> | pә'li:s | n. the force of policemen and officers | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/police>n. 警察, 警察当局, 治安<br>vt. 维持治安, 管辖</a> | pol, polit, polis |  | 3.80
<b>constituted</b> | ˈkɔnstitju:tid | v form or compose<br>v create and charge with a task or function<br>v to compose or represent:"This wall forms the background of the stage setting"<br>v set up or lay the groundwork for<br>a brought about or set up or accepted; especially long established | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constituted>v. 建立( constitute的过去式和过去分词 ); 指定; （合法或正式地）成立; 构成</a> |  | constitute | 5.10
<b>empowered</b> | emˈpaʊəd | s. invested with legal power or official authority especially as symbolized by having a scepter | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/empowered>v. 授权( empower的过去式和过去分词 ); 准许; 增加（某人的）自主权; 使控制局势</a> |  | empower | 5.59
<b>aim</b> | eim | n. the goal intended to be attained (and which is believed to be attainable)<br>n. the action of directing something at an object<br>v. point or cause to go (blows, weapons, or objects such as photographic equipment) towards<br>v. propose or intend | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aim>n. 目标, 瞄准, 击中目标的能力<br>vi. 对准目标, 致力, 打算<br>vt. 瞄准<br>[计] 医学文摘索引, 存取隔离机构, 高级信息管理程序, 先进接口模块<br>应用接口模块, 医学人工智能, 相联索引法, 异步接口模块<br>自动化信息管理, 自动化综合制造, 自动化库存管理</a> |  |  | 4.55
<b>enforce</b> | in'fɒ:s | v. ensure observance of laws and rules; <br>v. compel to behave in a certain way | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enforce>vt. 强迫, 执行, 坚持<br>[经] 予以强制执行</a> | en-1, em-1 |  | 5.19
<b>ensure</b> | in'ʃuә | v make certain of<br>v be careful or certain to do something; make certain of something | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ensure>vt. 确定, 保证, 担保, 保护<br>[经] 确保, 确定</a> | en-1, em-1 |  | 4.51
<b>safety</b> | 'seifti | n. the state of being certain that adverse effects will not be caused by some agent under defined conditions<br>n. a safe place<br>n. a score in American football; a player is tackled behind his own goal line | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/safety>n. 安全, 保险, 平安, 保安设备<br>vt. 保护, 防护</a> |  |  | 4.23
<b>health</b> | 'helθ | n. a healthy state of wellbeing free from disease<br>n. the general condition of body and mind | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/health>n. 健康, 卫生, 蓬勃, 健康状态<br>[医] 健康</a> |  |  | 3.85
<b>prevent</b> | pri'vent | v. keep from happening or arising; make impossible<br>v. stop (someone or something) from doing something or being in a certain state | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prevent>v. 预防, 防止, 阻止, 妨碍</a> | veni, vent, ven, -vene |  | 4.36
<b>disorder</b> | dis'ɒ:dә | n. a physical condition in which there is a disturbance of normal functioning<br>n. a disturbance of the peace or of public order<br>v. bring disorder to | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/disorder>n. 杂乱, 混乱<br>vt. 扰乱, 使失调</a> | ord, ordin |  | 4.72
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Theory>Theory</a> 
<font size=3>
A theory is a rational type of abstract thinking about a phenomenon, or the results of such thinking. 　The process of contemplative and rational thinking is often associated with such processes as observational study or research. 　Theories may be scientific, belong to a non-scientific discipline, or no discipline at all. 　Depending on the context, a theory's assertions might, for example, include generalized explanations of how nature works. 　The word has its roots in ancient Greek, but in modern use it has taken on several related meanings. 　In modern science, the term "theory" refers to scientific theories, a well-confirmed type of explanation of nature, made in a way consistent with the scientific method, and fulfilling the criteria required by modern science. 　Such theories are described in such a way that scientific tests should be able to provide empirical support for it, or empirical contradiction ("falsify") of it. 　Scientific theories are the most reliable, rigorous, and comprehensive form of scientific knowledge, in contrast to more common uses of the word "theory" that imply that something is unproven or speculative (which in formal terms is better characterized by the word hypothesis). 　Scientific theories are distinguished from hypotheses, which are individual empirically testable conjectures, and from scientific laws, which are descriptive accounts of the way nature behaves under certain conditions. 　Theories guide the enterprise of finding facts rather than of reaching goals, and are neutral concerning alternatives among values.　: 131  A theory can be a body of knowledge, which may or may not be associated with particular explanatory models. 　To theorize is to develop this body of knowledge.　: 46  The word theory or "in theory" is sometimes used erroneously by people to explain something which they individually did not experience or test before. 　In those instances, semantically, it is being substituted for another concept, a hypothesis. 　Instead of using the word "hypothetically", it is replaced by a phrase: "in theory". 　In some instances the theory's credibility could be contested by calling it "just a theory" (implying that the idea has not even been tested). 　Hence, that word "theory" is very often contrasted to "practice" (from Greek praxis, πρᾶξις) a Greek term for doing, which is opposed to theory. 　A "classical example" of the distinction between "theoretical" and "practical" uses the discipline of medicine: medical theory involves trying to understand the causes and nature of health and sickness, while the practical side of medicine is trying to make people healthy. 　These two things are related but can be independent, because it is possible to research health and sickness without curing specific patients, and it is possible to cure a patient without knowing how the cure worked.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>rational</b> | 'ræʃәnl | a. consistent with or based on or using reason<br>a. capable of being expressed as a quotient of integers<br>s. having its source in or being guided by the intellect (as distinguished from experience or emotion) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rational>a. 理性的, 合理的<br>n. 有理数</a> | -al2, -ial, -ual |  | 4.84
<b>phenomenon</b> | fi'nɒminәn | n. any state or process known through the senses rather than by intuition or reasoning<br>n. a remarkable development | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phenomenon>n. 现象, 迹象, 表现, 奇迹, 奇才<br>[化] 现象</a> |  |  | 4.75
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Television>Television</a> 
<font size=3>
Television, sometimes shortened to TV, is a telecommunication medium for transmitting moving images and sound. 　The term can refer to a television set, or the medium of television transmission. 　Television is a mass medium for advertising, entertainment, news, and sports. 　Television became available in crude experimental forms in the late 1920s, but only after several years of further development was the new technology marketed to consumers. 　After World War II, an improved form of black-and-white television broadcasting became popular in the United Kingdom and the United States, and television sets became commonplace in homes, businesses, and institutions. 　During the 1950s, television was the primary medium for influencing public opinion. 　In the mid-1960s, color broadcasting was introduced in the U.S. and most other developed countries. 　The availability of various types of archival storage media such as Betamax and VHS tapes, LaserDiscs, high-capacity hard disk drives, CDs, DVDs, flash drives, high-definition HD DVDs and Blu-ray Discs, and cloud digital video recorders has enabled viewers to watch pre-recorded material—such as movies—at home on their own time schedule. 　For many reasons, especially the convenience of remote retrieval, the storage of television and video programming now also occurs on the cloud (such as the video-on-demand service by Netflix). 　At the end of the first decade of the 2000s, digital television transmissions greatly increased in popularity. 　Another development was the move from standard-definition television (SDTV) (576i, with 576 interlaced lines of resolution and 480i) to high-definition television (HDTV), which provides a resolution that is substantially higher. 　HDTV may be transmitted in different formats: 1080p, 1080i and 720p. 　Since 2010, with the invention of smart television, Internet television has increased the availability of television programs and movies via the Internet through streaming video services such as Netflix, Amazon Prime Video, iPlayer and Hulu. 　In 2013, 79% of the world's households owned a television set. 　The replacement of earlier cathode-ray tube (CRT) screen displays with compact, energy-efficient, flat-panel alternative technologies such as LCDs (both fluorescent-backlit and LED), OLED displays, and plasma displays was a hardware revolution that began with computer monitors in the late 1990s. 　Most television sets sold in the 2000s were flat-panel, mainly LEDs. 　Major manufacturers announced the discontinuation of CRT, Digital Light Processing (DLP), plasma, and even fluorescent-backlit LCDs by the mid-2010s. 　In the near future, LEDs are expected to be gradually replaced by OLEDs. 　Also, major manufacturers have announced that they will increasingly produce smart TVs in the mid-2010s. 　Smart TVs with integrated Internet and Web 2.0 functions became the dominant form of television by the late 2010s. 　Television signals were initially distributed only as terrestrial television using high-powered radio-frequency television transmitters to broadcast the signal to individual television receivers. 　Alternatively television signals are distributed by coaxial cable or optical fiber, satellite systems and, since the 2000s via the Internet. 　Until the early 2000s, these were transmitted as analog signals, but a transition to digital television was expected to be completed worldwide by the late 2010s. 　A standard television set consists of multiple internal electronic circuits, including a tuner for receiving and decoding broadcast signals. 　A visual display device that lacks a tuner is correctly called a video monitor rather than a television.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>television</b> | 'teli.viʒәn | n. broadcasting visual images of stationary or moving objects<br>n. a telecommunication system that transmits images of objects (stationary or moving) between distant points | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/television>n. 电视<br>[电] 电视</a> | tele, tel, telo |  | 3.80
<b>shortened</b> | ˈʃɔ:tnd | v make shorter than originally intended; reduce or retrench in length or duration<br>v reduce in scope while retaining essential elements<br>v make short or shorter<br>v become short or shorter<br>v edit by omitting or modifying parts considered indelicate<br>s cut short<br>s cut short in duration<br>s shortened by or as if by means of parts that slide one within another or are crushed one into another<br>s with parts removed | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shortened>v. 弄短, 缩短( shorten的过去式和过去分词 )</a> |  | shorten | 5.19
<b>TV</b> | 'ti:'vi: | n broadcasting visual images of stationary or moving objects<br>n an electronic device that receives television signals and displays them on a screen | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TV>电视<br>[计] 电视, 转移向量</a> |  |  | 3.99
<b>telecommunication</b> | 'telikәmju:ni'keiʃәn | n. (often plural) systems used in transmitting messages over a distance electronically<br>n. (often plural) the branch of electrical engineering concerned with the technology of electronic communication at a distance | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/telecommunication>n. 电讯, 远距离通讯, 无线电通讯<br>[计] 远程通信, 电信</a> | tele, tel, telo |  | 5.62
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hall>Hall</a> 
<font size=3>
In architecture, a hall is a relatively large space enclosed by a roof and walls. 　In the Iron Age and early Middle Ages in northern Europe, a mead hall was where a lord and his retainers ate and also slept. 　Later in the Middle Ages, the great hall was the largest room in castles and large houses, and where the servants usually slept. 　As more complex house plans developed, the hall remained a large room for dancing and large feasts, often still with servants sleeping there. 　It was usually immediately inside the main door. 　In modern British houses, an entrance hall next to the front door remains an indispensable feature, even if it is essentially merely a corridor. 　Today, the (entrance) hall of a house is the space next to the front door or vestibule leading to the rooms directly and/or indirectly. 　Where the hall inside the front door of a house is elongated, it may be called a passage, corridor (from Spanish corredor used in El Escorial and 100 years later in Castle Howard), or hallway.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>architecture</b> | 'ɑ:kitektʃә | n. an architectural product or work<br>n. the discipline dealing with the principles of design and construction and ornamentation of fine buildings<br>n. the profession of designing buildings and environments with consideration for their esthetic effect | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/architecture>n. 建筑学, 建筑式样<br>[计] 体系结构</a> |  |  | 4.27
<b>hall</b> | hɒ:l | n. a large room for gatherings or entertainment<br>n. English writer whose novel about a lesbian relationship was banned in Britain for many years (1883-1943)<br>n. United States child psychologist whose theories of child psychology strongly influenced educational psychology (1844-1924)<br>n. United States chemist who developed an economical method of producing aluminum from bauxite (1863-1914) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hall>n. 门厅, 走廊, 会堂</a> |  |  | 3.81
<b>relatively</b> | 'relәtivli | r. in a relative manner; by comparison to something else | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/relatively>adv. 相对地, 比较地, 相当地, 相关地<br>[计] 相对地</a> |  |  | 4.36
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radio>Radio</a> 
<font size=3>
Radio is the technology of signaling and communicating using radio waves. 　Radio waves are electromagnetic waves of frequency between 30 hertz (Hz) and 300 gigahertz (GHz). 　They are generated by an electronic device called a transmitter connected to an antenna which radiates the waves, and received by another antenna connected to a radio receiver. 　Radio is widely used in modern technology, in radio communication, radar, radio navigation, remote control, remote sensing, and other applications. 　In radio communication, used in radio and television broadcasting, cell phones, two-way radios, wireless networking, and satellite communication, among numerous other uses, radio waves are used to carry information across space from a transmitter to a receiver, by modulating the radio signal (impressing an information signal on the radio wave by varying some aspect of the wave) in the transmitter. 　In radar, used to locate and track objects like aircraft, ships, spacecraft and missiles, a beam of radio waves emitted by a radar transmitter reflects off the target object, and the reflected waves reveal the object's location. 　In radio navigation systems such as GPS and VOR, a mobile receiver accepts radio signals from navigational radio beacons whose position is known, and by precisely measuring the arrival time of the radio waves the receiver can calculate its position on Earth. 　In wireless radio remote control devices like drones, garage door openers, and keyless entry systems, radio signals transmitted from a controller device control the actions of a remote device. 　Applications of radio waves that do not involve transmitting the waves significant distances, such as RF heating used in industrial processes and microwave ovens, and medical uses such as diathermy and MRI machines, are not usually called radio. 　The noun radio is also used to mean a broadcast radio receiver. 　The existence of radio waves was first proven by German physicist Heinrich Hertz on November 11, 1886. 　In the mid 1890s, building on techniques physicists were using to study electromagnetic waves, Guglielmo Marconi developed the first apparatus for long-distance radio communication, sending a wireless Morse Code message to a source over a kilometer away in 1895, and the first transatlantic signal on December 12, 1901. 　The first commercial radio broadcast was transmitted on November 2, 1920 when the live returns of the Harding-Cox presidential election were broadcast by Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Company in Pittsburgh, under the call sign KDKA. 　The emission of radio waves is regulated by law, coordinated by the International Telecommunication Union (ITU), which allocates frequency bands in the radio spectrum for different uses.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>radio</b> | 'reidiәu | n. medium for communication<br>n. a communication system based on broadcasting electromagnetic waves<br>v. transmit messages via radio waves<br>a. indicating radiation or radioactivity | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/radio>n. 无线电, 收音机, 无线电报, 无线电广播, 无线电台<br>v. 用无线电发送</a> |  |  | 3.81
<b>technology</b> | tek'nɒlәdʒi | n. the practical application of science to commerce or industry | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/technology>n. 技术, 工业技术, 术语<br>[医] 技术学, 工艺学</a> | -logy, -ology |  | 4.00
<b>waves</b> | weivz | n one of a series of ridges that moves across the surface of a liquid (especially across a large body of water)<br>n a movement like that of a sudden occurrence or increase in a specified phenomenon<br>n (physics) a movement up and down or back and forth<br>n something that rises rapidly<br>n the act of signaling by a movement of the hand<br>n a hairdo that creates undulations in the hair<br>n an undulating curve<br>n a persistent and widespread unusual weather condition (especially of unusual temperatures)<br>n a member of the women's reserve of the United States Navy; originally organized during World War II but now no longer a separate branch<br>v signal with the hands or nod<br>v move or swing back and forth<br>v move in a wavy pattern or with a rising and falling motion<br>v twist or roll into coils or ringlets<br>v set waves in | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/waves>n. 波（wave的复数形式）</a> |  | wave | 4.46
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heart>Heart</a> 
<font size=3>
The heart is a muscular organ in most animals. 　This organ pumps blood through the blood vessels of the circulatory system. 　The pumped blood carries oxygen and nutrients to the body, while carrying metabolic waste such as carbon dioxide to the lungs. 　In humans, the heart is approximately the size of a closed fist and is located between the lungs, in the middle compartment of the chest. 　In humans, other mammals, and birds, the heart is divided into four chambers: upper left and right atria and lower left and right ventricles. 　Commonly the right atrium and ventricle are referred together as the right heart and their left counterparts as the left heart. 　Fish, in contrast, have two chambers, an atrium and a ventricle, while most reptiles have three chambers. 　In a healthy heart blood flows one way through the heart due to heart valves, which prevent backflow. 　The heart is enclosed in a protective sac, the pericardium, which also contains a small amount of fluid. 　The wall of the heart is made up of three layers: epicardium, myocardium, and endocardium. 　The heart pumps blood with a rhythm determined by a group of pacemaker cells in the sinoatrial node. 　These generate a current that causes the heart to contract, traveling through the atrioventricular node and along the conduction system of the heart. 　In humans, deoxygenated blood enters the heart through the right atrium from the superior and inferior venae cavae and passes it to the right ventricle. 　From here it is pumped into pulmonary circulation to the lungs, where it receives oxygen and gives off carbon dioxide. 　Oxygenated blood then returns to the left atrium, passes through the left ventricle and is pumped out through the aorta into systemic circulation, traveling through arteries, arterioles, and capillaries—where nutrients and other substances are exchanged between blood vessels and cells, losing oxygen and gaining carbon dioxide—before being returned to the heart through venules and veins. 　The heart beats at a resting rate close to 72 beats per minute. 　Exercise temporarily increases the rate, but lowers it in the long term, and is good for heart health. 　Cardiovascular diseases are the most common cause of death globally as of 2008, accounting for 30% of deaths. 　Of these more than three-quarters are a result of coronary artery disease and stroke. 　Risk factors include: smoking, being overweight, little exercise, high cholesterol, high blood pressure, and poorly controlled diabetes, among others. 　Cardiovascular diseases do not frequently have symptoms but may cause chest pain or shortness of breath. 　Diagnosis of heart disease is often done by the taking of a medical history, listening to the heart-sounds with a stethoscope, ECG, echocardiogram, and ultrasound. 　Specialists who focus on diseases of the heart are called cardiologists, although many specialties of medicine may be involved in treatment. 　A teenager's heartbeat Sounds of a healthy 16-year-old child's heart beating normally, as heard with a stethoscope. 　Problems playing this file? 　See media help.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>heart</b> | hɑ:t | n. the locus of feelings and intuitions<br>n. the hollow muscular organ located behind the sternum and between the lungs; its rhythmic contractions move the blood through the body<br>n. the courage to carry on<br>n. an inclination or tendency of a certain kind | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heart>n. 心, 心脏, 中心, 内心, 感情, 精神, 心情, 宝贝儿<br>vt. 鼓励</a> |  |  | 3.81
<b>muscular</b> | 'mʌskjulә | a. of or relating to or consisting of muscle<br>s. having or suggesting great physical power or force | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/muscular>a. 强壮的, 肌肉发达的, 有力的<br>[医] 肌的; 肌肉发达的</a> | -ar1 |  | 5.26
<b>organ</b> | 'ɒ:gәn | n. a fully differentiated structural and functional unit in an animal that is specialized for some particular function<br>n. a government agency or instrument devoted to the performance of some specific function<br>n. a periodical that is published by a special interest group<br>n. wind instrument whose sound is produced by means of pipes arranged in sets supplied with air from a bellows and controlled from a large complex musical keyboard | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/organ>n. 风琴, 器官, 元件, 机构, 机关<br>[电] 风琴</a> |  |  | 4.68
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project>Project</a> 
<font size=3>
Look up project in Wiktionary, the free dictionary. 　A project is any undertaking, carried out individually or collaboratively and possibly involving research or design, that is carefully planned to achieve a particular goal. 　An alternative view sees a project managerially as a sequence of events: a "set of interrelated tasks to be executed over a fixed period and within certain cost and other limitations". 　A project may be a temporary (rather than a permanent) social system (work system), possibly staffed by teams (within or across organizations) to accomplish particular tasks under time constraints. 　A project may form a part of wider programme management or function as an ad hoc system. 　Open-source software "projects" or artists' musical "projects" (for example) may lack defined team-membership, precise planning and/or time-limited durations.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>project</b> | 'prɒdʒekt | n. a planned undertaking<br>v. communicate vividly<br>v. transfer (ideas or principles) from one domain into another<br>v. project on a screen | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/project>n. 计划, 设计, 事业<br>vt. 计划, 设计, 投掷, 发射, 使凸出, 放映<br>vi. 凸出</a> | ject, jet, jac |  | 3.82
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brother>Brother</a> 
<font size=3>
A brother (PL: brothers or brethren) is a man or boy who shares one or more parents with another; a male sibling. 　The female counterpart is a sister. 　Although the term typically refers to a familial relationship, it is sometimes used endearingly to refer to non-familial relationships. 　A full brother is a first degree relative.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>brother</b> | 'brʌðә | n. a male with the same parents as someone else<br>n. a male person who is a fellow member (of a fraternity or religion or other group)<br>n. used as a term of address for those male persons engaged in the same movement<br>n. (Roman Catholic Church) a title given to a monk and used as form of address | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brother>n. 兄弟</a> |  |  | 3.82
<b>brethren</b> | 'breðrәn | n. (plural) the lay members of a male religious order | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brethren>n. 弟兄们, 教友们</a> |  | brother | 5.08
<b>boy</b> | bɒi | n. a friendly informal reference to a grown man<br>n. (ethnic slur) offensive and disparaging term for Black man | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boy>n. 男孩<br>[法] 男孩, 少年, 儿子</a> |  |  | 4.03
<b>sibling</b> | 'sibliŋ | n. a person's brother or sister | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sibling>n. 兄弟, 同胞<br>[医] 同胞(兄弟姐妹)</a> |  |  | 5.62
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/England>England</a> 
<font size=3>
England is a country that is part of the United Kingdom. 　It shares land borders with Wales to its west and Scotland to its north. 　The Irish Sea lies northwest and the Celtic Sea area of the Atlantic Ocean to the southwest. 　It is separated from continental Europe by the North Sea to the east and the English Channel to the south. 　The country covers five-eighths of the island of Great Britain, which lies in the North Atlantic, and includes over 100 smaller islands, such as the Isles of Scilly and the Isle of Wight. 　The area now called England was first inhabited by modern humans during the Upper Paleolithic period, but takes its name from the Angles, a Germanic tribe deriving its name from the Anglia peninsula, who settled during the 5th and 6th centuries. 　England became a unified state in the 10th century and has had a significant cultural and legal impact on the wider world since the Age of Discovery, which began during the 15th century. 　The English language, the Anglican Church, and English law—the basis for the common law legal systems of many other countries around the world—developed in England, and the country's parliamentary system of government has been widely adopted by other nations. 　The Industrial Revolution began in 18th-century England, transforming its society into the world's first industrialised nation. 　England's terrain is chiefly low hills and plains, especially in central and southern England. 　However, there is upland and mountainous terrain in the north (for example, the Lake District and Pennines) and in the west (for example, Dartmoor and the Shropshire Hills). 　The capital is London, which has the largest metropolitan area in the United Kingdom. 　England's population of 56.3 million comprises 84% of the population of the United Kingdom, largely concentrated around London, the South East, and conurbations in the Midlands, the North West, the North East, and Yorkshire, which each developed as major industrial regions during the 19th century. 　The Kingdom of England – which after 1535 included Wales – ceased being a separate sovereign state on 1 May 1707, when the Acts of Union put into effect the terms agreed in the Treaty of Union the previous year, resulting in a political union with the Kingdom of Scotland to create the Kingdom of Great Britain. 　In 1801, Great Britain was united with the Kingdom of Ireland (through another Act of Union) to become the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. 　In 1922 the Irish Free State seceded from the United Kingdom, leading to the latter being renamed the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
</font>

<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mind>Mind</a> 
<font size=3>
The mind is the set of faculties responsible for all mental phenomena. 　Often the term is also identified with the phenomena themselves. 　These faculties include thought, imagination, memory, will, and sensation. 　They are responsible for various mental phenomena, like perception, pain experience, belief, desire, intention, and emotion. 　Various overlapping classifications of mental phenomena have been proposed. 　Important distinctions group them according to whether they are sensory, propositional, intentional, conscious, or occurrent. 　Minds were traditionally understood as substances but it is more common in the contemporary perspective to conceive them as properties or capacities possessed by humans and higher animals. 　Various competing definitions of the exact nature of the mind or mentality have been proposed. 　Epistemic definitions focus on the privileged epistemic access the subject has to these states. 　Consciousness-based approaches give primacy to the conscious mind and allow unconscious mental phenomena as part of the mind only to the extent that they stand in the right relation to the conscious mind. 　According to intentionality-based approaches, the power to refer to objects and to represent the world is the mark of the mental. 　For behaviorism, whether an entity has a mind only depends on how it behaves in response to external stimuli while functionalism defines mental states in terms of the causal roles they play. 　Central questions for the study of mind, like whether other entities besides humans have minds or how the relation between body and mind is to be conceived, are strongly influenced by the choice of one's definition. 　Mind or mentality is usually contrasted with body, matter or physicality. 　The issue of the nature of this contrast and specifically the relation between mind and brain is called the mind-body problem. 　Traditional viewpoints included dualism and idealism, which consider the mind to be non-physical. 　Modern views often center around physicalism and functionalism, which hold that the mind is roughly identical with the brain or reducible to physical phenomena such as neuronal activity[need quotation to verify] though dualism and idealism continue to have many supporters. 　Another question concerns which types of beings are capable of having minds.　[citation needed] For example, whether mind is exclusive to humans, possessed also by some or all animals, by all living things, whether it is a strictly definable characteristic at all, or whether mind can also be a property of some types of human-made machines.　[citation needed] Different cultural and religious traditions often use different concepts of mind, resulting in different answers to these questions. 　Some see mind as a property exclusive to humans whereas others ascribe properties of mind to non-living entities (e.g. panpsychism and animism), to animals and to deities. 　Some of the earliest recorded speculations linked mind (sometimes described as identical with soul or spirit) to theories concerning both life after death, and cosmological and natural order, for example in the doctrines of Zoroaster, the Buddha, Plato, Aristotle, and other ancient Greek, Indian and, later, Islamic and medieval European philosophers. 　Psychologists such as Freud and James, and computer scientists such as Turing developed influential theories about the nature of the mind. 　The possibility of nonbiological minds is explored in the field of artificial intelligence, which works closely in relation with cybernetics and information theory to understand the ways in which information processing by nonbiological machines is comparable or different to mental phenomena in the human mind. 　The mind is also sometimes portrayed as the stream of consciousness where sense impressions and mental phenomena are constantly changing.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>mind</b> | maind | n. that which is responsible for one's thoughts and feelings; the seat of the faculty of reason<br>n. recall or remembrance<br>n. attention<br>n. your intention; what you intend to do | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mind>n. 思想, 愿望, 智力, 记忆, 心理, 情绪, 理智, 主意, 心意<br>vi. 介意, 注意, 留心<br>vt. 注意, 留意, 专心于, 照看, 介意</a> |  |  | 3.82
<b>faculties</b> | ˈfækəltiz | pl. of Faculty | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/faculties>n. 能力( faculty的名词复数 ); 全体教职员; 技巧; 院</a> |  | faculty | 5.39
<b>responsible</b> | ri'spɒnsәbl | a. worthy of or requiring responsibility or trust; or held accountable<br>s. being the agent or cause | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/responsible>a. 有责任的, 负责的, 责任重大的<br>[法] 应负责任的, 有责任的, 能履行责任的</a> |  |  | 4.19
<b>phenomena</b> | fi'nɒminә | n any state or process known through the senses rather than by intuition or reasoning<br>n a remarkable development | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phenomena>pl. 现象</a> |  | phenomenon | 4.82
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lead>Lead</a> 
<font size=3>
Lead is a chemical element with the symbol Pb (from the Latin plumbum) and atomic number 82. 　It is a heavy metal that is denser than most common materials. 　Lead is soft and malleable, and also has a relatively low melting point. 　When freshly cut, lead is a shiny gray with a hint of blue. 　It tarnishes to a dull gray color when exposed to air. 　Lead has the highest atomic number of any stable element and three of its isotopes are endpoints of major nuclear decay chains of heavier elements. 　Lead is toxic, even in small amounts, especially to children. 　Lead is a relatively unreactive post-transition metal. 　Its weak metallic character is illustrated by its amphoteric nature; lead and lead oxides react with acids and bases, and it tends to form covalent bonds. 　Compounds of lead are usually found in the +2 oxidation state rather than the +4 state common with lighter members of the carbon group. 　Exceptions are mostly limited to organolead compounds. 　Like the lighter members of the group, lead tends to bond with itself; it can form chains and polyhedral structures. 　Since lead is easily extracted from its ores, prehistoric people in the Near East were aware of it. 　Galena is a principal ore of lead which often bears silver. 　Interest in silver helped initiate widespread extraction and use of lead in ancient Rome. 　Lead production declined after the fall of Rome and did not reach comparable levels until the Industrial Revolution. 　Lead played a crucial role in the development of the printing press, as movable type could be relatively easily cast from lead alloys. 　In 2014, the annual global production of lead was about ten million tonnes, over half of which was from recycling. 　Lead's high density, low melting point, ductility and relative inertness to oxidation make it useful. 　These properties, combined with its relative abundance and low cost, resulted in its extensive use in construction, plumbing, batteries, bullets and shot, weights, solders, pewters, fusible alloys, white paints, leaded gasoline, and radiation shielding. 　Lead's toxicity became widely recognized in the late 19th century, although a number of well-educated ancient Greek and Roman writers were aware of this fact and even knew some of the symptoms of lead poisoning. 　Lead is a neurotoxin that accumulates in soft tissues and bones; it damages the nervous system and interferes with the function of biological enzymes, causing neurological disorders ranging from behavioral problems to brain damage, and also affects general health, cardiovascular, and renal systems.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>lead</b> | li:d. led | n. an advantage held by a competitor in a race<br>n. a soft heavy toxic malleable metallic element; bluish white when freshly cut but tarnishes readily to dull grey<br>n. evidence pointing to a possible solution<br>n. a position of leadership (especially in the phrase `take the lead') | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lead>n. 铅, 铅条, 领导, 超前量, 领引, 榜样, 主角, 导线<br>vt. 引导, 带领, 领导, 指挥, 致使, 加铅于, 用铅包<br>vi. 领导, 带头, 导致, 用测深锤测深, 被铅覆盖<br>a. 带头的, 最重要的</a> |  |  | 3.82
<b>element</b> | 'elimәnt | n. the most favorable environment for a plant or animal<br>n. one of four substances thought in ancient and medieval cosmology to constitute the physical universe<br>n. the situation in which you are happiest and most effective<br>n. a straight line that generates a cylinder or cone | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/element>n. 元件, 元素, 要素<br>[计] 部分; 成分; 单元; 码元; 元件; 元素; 单元</a> |  |  | 4.47
<b>plumbum</b> | 'plʌmbәm | n. The technical name of lead. See Lead. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plumbum>n. 铅<br>[医] 铅(82号元素)</a> |  |  | 10.00
<b>atomic</b> | ә'tɒmik | a. of or relating to or comprising atoms<br>s. immeasurably small | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atomic>a. 原子的, 原子能的<br>[医] 原子的</a> |  |  | 4.68
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lead_(geology)>Lead (geology)</a> 
<font size=3>
A lead in hydrocarbon exploration, is a subsurface structural or stratigraphic feature with the potential to have entrapped oil or natural gas. 　When exploring a new area, or when new data becomes available in existing acreage, an explorer will carry out an initial screening to identify possible leads. 　Further work is then concentrated on the leads with the intention to mature at least some of them into drillable prospects.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>hydrocarbon</b> | .haidrәu'kɑ:bәn | n. an organic compound containing only carbon and hydrogen | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hydrocarbon>n. 碳氢化合物<br>[化] 烃; 碳氢化合物</a> | hydr, hydro |  | 5.88
<b>exploration</b> | .eksplә'reiʃәn | n. to travel for the purpose of discovery<br>n. a careful systematic search<br>n. a systematic consideration | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/exploration>n. 探险, 踏勘, 探测<br>[医] 探察</a> |  |  | 4.82
<b>subsurface</b> | 'sʌb'sә:fis | a. beneath the surface | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/subsurface>a. 表面下的</a> |  |  | 5.90
<b>stratigraphic</b> | ,stræti'^ræfik | a. Alt. of Stratigraphical<br>a. Alt. of -ical | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stratigraphic>a. 地层学的</a> |  |  | 5.73
<b>potential</b> | pә'tenʃәl | n. the inherent capacity for coming into being<br>a. existing in possibility | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/potential>n. 潜在性, 可能性, 潜力, 潜能, 势, 位<br>a. 有潜力的, 可能的, 潜在的</a> | -al2, -ial, -ual |  | 4.03
<b>entrapped</b> | enˈtræpt | v take or catch as if in a snare or trap<br>v catch in or as if in a trap | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/entrapped>v. 使陷入圈套, 使入陷阱( entrap的过去式和过去分词 )</a> |  | entrap | 6.58
<b>oil</b> | ɒil | n. a slippery or viscous liquid or liquefiable substance not miscible with water<br>n. oil paint containing pigment that is used by an artist<br>v. cover with oil, as if by rubbing | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oil>n. 油, 石油, 油画颜料<br>vt. 涂油于, 使融化成油状, 加油于<br>vi. 加燃油, 融化</a> |  |  | 4.21
<b>gas</b> | gæs | n. the state of matter distinguished from the solid and liquid states by: relatively low density and viscosity; relatively great expansion and contraction with changes in pressure and temperature; the ability to diffuse readily; and the spontaneous tendency to become distributed uniformly throughout any container<br>n. a fluid in the gaseous state having neither independent shape nor volume and being able to expand indefinitely<br>v. attack with gas; subject to gas fumes | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gas>n. 气体, 汽油, 瓦斯<br>[化] 气体; 煤气; 瓦斯; 毒气</a> |  | ga | 4.09
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wife>Wife</a> 
<font size=3>
A wife (PL: wives) is a female in a marital relationship. 　A woman who has separated from her partner continues to be a wife until the marriage is legally dissolved with a divorce judgment. 　On the death of her partner, a wife is referred to as a widow. 　The rights and obligations of a wife in relation to her partner and her status in the community and in law vary between cultures and have varied over time.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>wife</b> | waif | n. a married woman; a man's partner in marriage | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wife>n. 妻子, 太太, 夫人<br>[法] 妻子, 已婚妇女</a> |  |  | 3.82
<b>wives</b> | waivz | n a married woman; a man's partner in marriage<br>v take (someone) as a wife<br>v marry a woman, take a wife<br>v provide with a wife; marry (someone) to a wife | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wives>妻</a> |  | wive | 5.00
<b>marital</b> | 'mæritәl | a. of or relating to the state of marriage | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marital>a. 丈夫的, 婚姻的, 夫妇间的<br>[医] 婚姻的</a> |  |  | 5.59
</font>
<br>



