## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sound>Sound</a> 
<font size=3>
Drum - Cadence A Drum cadences performed by the United States Navy Band Problems playing this file? 　See media help. 　In physics, sound is a vibration that propagates as an acoustic wave, through a transmission medium such as a gas, liquid or solid. 　In human physiology and psychology, sound is the reception of such waves and their perception by the brain. 　Only acoustic waves that have frequencies lying between about 20 Hz and 20 kHz, the audio frequency range, elicit an auditory percept in humans. 　In air at atmospheric pressure, these represent sound waves with wavelengths of 17 meters (56 ft) to 1.7 centimeters (0.67 in). 　Sound waves above 20 kHz are known as ultrasound and are not audible to humans. 　Sound waves below 20 Hz are known as infrasound. 　Different animal species have varying hearing ranges.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>drum</b> | drʌm | n. a musical percussion instrument; usually consists of a hollow cylinder with a membrane stretched across each end<br>n. the sound of a drum<br>n. a cylindrical metal container used for shipping or storage of liquids<br>n. small to medium-sized bottom-dwelling food and game fishes of shallow coastal and fresh waters that make a drumming noise | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/drum>n. 鼓, 鼓声<br>vi. 击鼓, 作鼓声<br>vt. 打鼓奏出<br>[计] 磁鼓</a> |  |  | 4.83
<b>cadence</b> | 'keidns | n. the close of a musical section<br>n. a recurrent rhythmical series | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cadence>n. 韵律, 抑扬, 调子, 节奏<br>[电] 步调</a> | -ance, -ence, -ency, -ancy |  | 5.58
<b>cadences</b> | ˈkeidənsiz | n. (prosody) the accent in a metrical foot of verse<br>n. the close of a musical section<br>n. a recurrent rhythmical series | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cadences>n. （声音的）抑扬顿挫( cadence的复数形式 ); 节奏; 韵律; 调子</a> |  | cadence | 6.59
<b>navy</b> | 'neivi | n. an organization of military vessels belonging to a country and available for sea warfare | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/navy>n. 海军, 海军人员, 海军军力, 烟蒂</a> | nav |  | 4.14
<b>band</b> | bænd | n. instrumentalists not including string players<br>n. a stripe or stripes of contrasting color<br>n. an adornment consisting of a strip of a contrasting color or material<br>n. a range of frequencies between two limits | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/band>n. 带子, 队, 乐队<br>v. 联合, 结合<br>[计] 频带; 波段; 区</a> |  |  | 3.62
<b>file</b> | fail | n. a set of related records (either written or electronic) kept together<br>n. a line of persons or things ranged one behind the other<br>n. office furniture consisting of a container for keeping papers in order<br>n. a steel hand tool with small sharp teeth on some or all of its surfaces; used for smoothing wood or metal | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file>n. 档案, 公文箱, 文件夹, 文件, 卷宗, 锉刀<br>vi. 列队行进, 用锉刀做<br>vt. 归档, 申请, 锉, 琢磨<br>[计] 文件</a> | fil2 |  | 4.44
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle>Battle</a> 
<font size=3>
A battle is an occurrence of combat in warfare between opposing military units of any number or size. 　A war usually consists of multiple battles. 　In general, a battle is a military engagement that is well defined in duration, area, and force commitment. 　An engagement with only limited commitment between the forces and without decisive results is sometimes called a skirmish. 　The word "battle" can also be used infrequently to refer to an entire operational campaign, although this usage greatly diverges from its conventional or customary meaning. 　Generally, the word "battle" is used for such campaigns if referring to a protracted combat encounter in which either one or both of the combatants had the same methods, resources, and strategic objectives throughout the encounter. 　Some prominent examples of this would be the Battle of the Atlantic, Battle of Britain, and Battle of Stalingrad, all in World War II. 　Wars and military campaigns are guided by military strategy, whereas battles take place on a level of planning and execution known as operational mobility. 　German strategist Carl von Clausewitz stated that "the employment of battles ... to achieve the object of war" was the essence of strategy.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>battle</b> | 'bætl | n. a hostile meeting of opposing military forces in the course of a war<br>v. battle or contend against in or as if in a battle | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle>n. 战役<br>v. 战斗</a> | bat |  | 3.87
<b>occurrence</b> | ә'kʌrәns | n. an instance of something occurring | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/occurrence>n. 发生, 事件, 出现<br>[医] 发生</a> | -ance, -ence, -ency, -ancy |  | 5.06
<b>combat</b> | 'kɒmbæt | n. an engagement fought between two military forces | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/combat>n. 争斗, 战斗<br>vi. 战斗, 争斗<br>vt. 与...战斗, 与...斗争</a> | bat |  | 4.40
<b>opposing</b> | ә'pәuziŋ | v be against; express opposition to<br>v fight against or resist strongly<br>v contrast with equal weight or force<br>v set into opposition or rivalry<br>v act against or in opposition to<br>v be resistant to<br>s characterized by active hostility | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opposing>a. 对面的, 反对的, 相反的, 相对的</a> |  | oppose | 4.99
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Museum>Museum</a> 
<font size=3>
A museum (/mjuːˈziːəm/ mew-ZEE-əm; plural museums or, rarely, musea) is a building or institution that cares for and displays a collection of artifacts and other objects of artistic, cultural, historical, or scientific importance. 　Many public museums make these items available for public viewing through exhibits that may be permanent or temporary. 　The largest museums are located in major cities throughout the world, while thousands of local museums exist in smaller cities, towns, and rural areas. 　Museums have varying aims, ranging from the conservation and documentation of their collection, serving researchers and specialists, to catering to the general public. 　The goal of serving researchers is not only scientific, but intended to serve the general public. 　There are many types of museums, including art museums, natural history museums, science museums, war museums, and children's museums. 　According to the International Council of Museums (ICOM), there are more than 55,000 museums in 202 countries.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>museum</b> | mju:'ziәm | n. a depository for collecting and displaying objects having scientific or historical or artistic value | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/museum>n. 博物馆</a> |  |  | 3.87
<b>mew</b> | mju: | n. the common gull of Eurasia and northeastern North America<br>v. utter a high-pitched cry, as of seagulls | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mew>n. 猫叫声, 海鸥<br>vi. 咪咪叫<br>n. 鹰笼, 巢, 隐匿处<br>vt. 关进笼子</a> |  |  | 6.34
<b>zee</b> | zi: | n the 26th letter of the Roman alphabet | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zee>n. （美）英语字母Z和z；Z形物</a> |  |  | 5.67
<b>rarely</b> | 'rєәli | r. not often | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rarely>adv. 很少地, 罕有地</a> |  |  | 4.70
<b>artistic</b> | ɑ:'tistik | a. relating to or characteristic of art or artists<br>s. satisfying aesthetic standards and sensibilities | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/artistic>a. 艺术的, 艺术家的, 富有艺术性的</a> |  |  | 4.62
<b>historical</b> | hi'stɒrikәl | a. of or relating to the study of history<br>s. having once lived or existed or taken place in the real world as distinct from being legendary | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/historical>a. 历史的, 史实的, 历史上的<br>[法] 历史性的</a> | -al2, -ial, -ual |  | 4.09
<b>importance</b> | im'pɒ:tәns | n. the quality of being important and worthy of note<br>n. a prominent status | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/importance>n. 重要, 重要性, 重要地位, 自大<br>[机] 重要, 重要性</a> | -ance, -ence, -ency, -ancy |  | 4.36
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Addition>Addition</a> 
<font size=3>
Addition (usually signified by the plus symbol +) is one of the four basic operations of arithmetic, the other three being subtraction, multiplication and division. 　The addition of two whole numbers results in the total amount or sum of those values combined. 　The example in the adjacent image shows a combination of three apples and two apples, making a total of five apples. 　This observation is equivalent to the mathematical expression "3 + 2 = 5" (that is, "3 plus 2 is equal to 5"). 　Besides counting items, addition can also be defined and executed without referring to concrete objects, using abstractions called numbers instead, such as integers, real numbers and complex numbers. 　Addition belongs to arithmetic, a branch of mathematics. 　In algebra, another area of mathematics, addition can also be performed on abstract objects such as vectors, matrices, subspaces and subgroups. 　Addition has several important properties. 　It is commutative, meaning that the order of the operands does not matter, and it is associative, meaning that when one adds more than two numbers, the order in which addition is performed does not matter (see Summation). 　Repeated addition of 1 is the same as counting (see Successor function). 　Addition of 0 does not change a number. 　Addition also obeys predictable rules concerning related operations such as subtraction and multiplication. 　Performing addition is one of the simplest numerical tasks to do. 　Addition of very small numbers is accessible to toddlers; the most basic task, 1 + 1, can be performed by infants as young as five months, and even some members of other animal species. 　In primary education, students are taught to add numbers in the decimal system, starting with single digits and progressively tackling more difficult problems. 　Mechanical aids range from the ancient abacus to the modern computer, where research on the most efficient implementations of addition continues to this day.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>addition</b> | ә'diʃәn | n. a component that is added to something to improve it<br>n. the act of adding one thing to another<br>n. a quantity that is added<br>n. a suburban area laid out in streets and lots for a future residential area | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/addition>n. 加法, 增加的人(或物)<br>[计] 加法</a> | -ion |  | 3.87
<b>plus</b> | plʌs | a. on the positive side or higher end of a scale<br>s. involving advantage or good | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plus>prep. 加上, 加, 外加<br>a. 正的, 附加的<br>n. 正号, 加号, 附加额, 正数, 增益<br>[计] 正差</a> | plu, plur |  | 4.47
<b>arithmetic</b> | ә'riθmәtik | n. the branch of pure mathematics dealing with the theory of numerical calculations | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arithmetic>n. 算术, 算术知识<br>[机] 算术; 算术的</a> |  |  | 5.24
<b>subtraction</b> | sәb'trækʃәn | n. an arithmetic operation in which the difference between two numbers is calculated<br>n. the act of subtracting (removing a part from the whole) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/subtraction>n. 减少<br>[计] 减法</a> | tract |  | 5.81
<b>multiplication</b> | .mʌltipli'keiʃәn | n. a multiplicative increase<br>n. an arithmetic operation that is the inverse of division; the product of two numbers is computed | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/multiplication>n. 乘法, 增加, 乘法运算<br>[医] 增殖; 倍增</a> | plic, plex, ply |  | 5.41
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/India>India</a> 
<font size=3>
India, officially the Republic of India (Hindi: Bhārat Gaṇarājya), is a country in South Asia. 　It is the seventh-largest country by area, the second-most populous country, and the most populous democracy in the world. 　Bounded by the Indian Ocean on the south, the Arabian Sea on the southwest, and the Bay of Bengal on the southeast, it shares land borders with Pakistan to the west; China, Nepal, and Bhutan to the north; and Bangladesh and Myanmar to the east. 　In the Indian Ocean, India is in the vicinity of Sri Lanka and the Maldives; its Andaman and Nicobar Islands share a maritime border with Thailand, Myanmar, and Indonesia. 　Modern humans arrived on the Indian subcontinent from Africa no later than 55,000 years ago. 　Their long occupation, initially in varying forms of isolation as hunter-gatherers, has made the region highly diverse, second only to Africa in human genetic diversity. 　Settled life emerged on the subcontinent in the western margins of the Indus river basin 9,000 years ago, evolving gradually into the Indus Valley Civilisation of the third millennium BCE. 　By 1200 BCE, an archaic form of Sanskrit, an Indo-European language, had diffused into India from the northwest. 　Its evidence today is found in the hymns of the Rigveda. 　Preserved by a resolutely vigilant oral tradition, the Rigveda records the dawning of Hinduism in India. 　The Dravidian languages of India were supplanted in the northern and western regions. 　By 400 BCE, stratification and exclusion by caste had emerged within Hinduism, and Buddhism and Jainism had arisen, proclaiming social orders unlinked to heredity. 　Early political consolidations gave rise to the loose-knit Maurya and Gupta Empires based in the Ganges Basin. 　Their collective era was suffused with wide-ranging creativity, but also marked by the declining status of women, and the incorporation of untouchability into an organised system of belief. 　In South India, the Middle kingdoms exported Dravidian-languages scripts and religious cultures to the kingdoms of Southeast Asia. 　In the early medieval era, Christianity, Islam, Judaism, and Zoroastrianism became established on India's southern and western coasts. 　Muslim armies from Central Asia intermittently overran India's northern plains, eventually founding the Delhi Sultanate, and drawing northern India into the cosmopolitan networks of medieval Islam. 　In the 15th century, the Vijayanagara Empire created a long-lasting composite Hindu culture in south India. 　In the Punjab, Sikhism emerged, rejecting institutionalised religion. 　The Mughal Empire, in 1526, ushered in two centuries of relative peace, leaving a legacy of luminous architecture. 　Gradually expanding rule of the British East India Company followed, turning India into a colonial economy, but also consolidating its sovereignty. 　British Crown rule began in 1858. 　The rights promised to Indians were granted slowly, but technological changes were introduced, and modern ideas of education and the public life took root. 　A pioneering and influential nationalist movement led by Mahatma Gandhi emerged, which was noted for nonviolent resistance and it became the major factor in ending British rule. 　In 1947 the British Indian Empire was partitioned into two independent dominions, a Hindu-majority Dominion of India and a Muslim-majority Dominion of Pakistan, amid large-scale loss of life and an unprecedented migration. 　India has been a federal republic since 1950, governed through a democratic parliamentary system. 　It is a pluralistic, multilingual and multi-ethnic society. 　India's population grew from 361 million in 1951 to almost 1.4 billion in 2022. 　During the same time, its nominal per capita income increased from US$64 annually to US$1,498, and its literacy rate from 16.6% to 74%. 　From being a comparatively destitute country in 1951, India has become a fast-growing major economy and a hub for information technology services, with an expanding middle class. 　It has a space programme which includes several planned or completed extraterrestrial missions. 　Indian movies, music, and spiritual teachings play an increasing role in global culture. 　India has substantially reduced its rate of poverty, though at the cost of increasing economic inequality. 　India is a nuclear-weapon state, which ranks high in military expenditure. 　It has disputes over Kashmir with its neighbours, Pakistan and China, unresolved since the mid-20th century. 　Among the socio-economic challenges India faces are gender inequality, child malnutrition, and rising levels of air pollution. 　India's land is megadiverse, with four biodiversity hotspots. 　Its forest cover comprises 21.7% of its area. 　India's wildlife, which has traditionally been viewed with tolerance in India's culture, is supported among these forests, and elsewhere, in protected habitats.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>India</b> | 'indjә | n. a republic in the Asian subcontinent in southern Asia; second most populous country in the world; achieved independence from the United Kingdom in 1947 | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/India>n. 印度</a> |  |  | 3.87
<b>officially</b> | ә'fiʃәli | r. in an official role | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/officially>adv. 作为公务员, 职务上, 官方地</a> |  |  | 4.32
<b>republic</b> | ri'pʌblik | n. a form of government whose head of state is not a monarch | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/republic>n. 共和国, 共和政体, 团体, 界</a> |  |  | 4.02
<b>Hindi</b> | 'hindi: | n. the most widely spoken of modern Indic vernaculars; spoken mostly in the north of India; along with English it is the official language of India; usually written in Devanagari script | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hindi>a. 印地语的, 印度北部的<br>n. 印地语</a> |  |  | 5.04
<b>Asia</b> | 'eiʒә | n. the largest continent with 60% of the earth's population; it is joined to Europe on the west to form Eurasia; it is the site of some of the world's earliest civilizations<br>n. the nations of the Asian continent collectively | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asia>n. 亚洲</a> |  |  | 4.32
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australia>Australia</a> 
<font size=3>
Australia, officially the Commonwealth of Australia, is a sovereign country comprising the mainland of the Australian continent, the island of Tasmania, and numerous smaller islands. 　With an area of 7,617,930 square kilometres (2,941,300 sq mi), Australia is the largest country by area in Oceania and the world's sixth-largest country. 　Australia is the oldest, flattest, and driest inhabited continent, with the least fertile soils. 　It is a megadiverse country, and its size gives it a wide variety of landscapes and climates, with deserts in the centre, tropical rainforests in the north-east, and mountain ranges in the south-east. 　The ancestors of Aboriginal Australians began arriving from south east Asia approximately 65,000 years ago, during the last ice age. 　Arriving by sea, they settled the continent and had formed approximately 250 distinct language groups by the time of European settlement, maintaining some of the longest known continuing artistic and religious traditions in the world. 　Australia's written history commenced with the European maritime exploration of Australia. 　The Dutch navigator Willem Janszoon was the first known European to reach Australia, in 1606. 　In 1770, the British explorer James Cook mapped and claimed the east coast of Australia for Great Britain, and the First Fleet of British ships arrived at Sydney in 1788 to establish the penal colony of New South Wales. 　The European population grew in subsequent decades, and by the end of the 1850s gold rush, most of the continent had been explored by European settlers and an additional five self-governing British colonies established. 　Democratic parliaments were gradually established through the 19th century, culminating with a vote for the federation of the six colonies and foundation of the Commonwealth of Australia on 1 January 1901. 　Australia has since maintained a stable liberal democratic political system and wealthy market economy. 　Politically, Australia is a federal parliamentary constitutional monarchy, comprising six states and ten territories. 　Australia's population of nearly 26 million is highly urbanised and heavily concentrated on the eastern seaboard. 　Canberra is the nation's capital, while its most populous city and financial centre is Sydney. 　The next four largest cities are Melbourne, Brisbane, Perth, and Adelaide. 　Australia's demography has been shaped by centuries of immigration: immigrants account for 30% of the country's population, and almost half of Australians have at least one parent born overseas. 　Australia's abundant natural resources and well-developed international trade relations are crucial to the country's economy, which generates its income from various sources including services, mining exports, banking, manufacturing, agriculture and international education. 　Australia is a highly developed country with a high-income economy. 　As of 2022, it was the world's fourteenth-largest economy with the ninth-highest per capita income. 　In 2021, it ranked as fifth-highest Human Development Index. 　Australia is a regional power, and has the world's thirteenth-highest military expenditure. 　Australia ranks amongst the highest in the world for quality of life, democracy, health, education, economic freedom, civil liberties, safety, and political rights, with all its major cities faring exceptionally in global comparative livability surveys. 　It is a member of international groupings including the United Nations, the G20, the OECD, the World Trade Organization, Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation, the Pacific Islands Forum, the Pacific Community the Commonwealth of Nations, and the defence/security organisations ANZUS, AUKUS, the Five Eyes and the Quadrilateral Security Dialogue.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>Australia</b> | ɒ'streiljә | n. a nation occupying the whole of the Australian continent; Aboriginal tribes are thought to have migrated from southeastern Asia 20,000 years ago; first Europeans were British convicts sent there as a penal colony<br>n. the smallest continent; between the South Pacific and the Indian Ocean | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australia>n. 澳洲, 澳大利亚</a> |  |  | 3.87
<b>commonwealth</b> | 'kɔmәnwelθ | n. the official name of some states in the United States (Massachusetts and Pennsylvania and Virginia and Kentucky) and associated territories (Puerto Rico)<br>n. a world organization of autonomous states that are united in allegiance to a central power but are not subordinate to it or to one another | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/commonwealth>n. 共和国；联邦；国民整体</a> |  |  | 4.60
<b>sovereign</b> | 'sɒvrin | n. a nation's ruler or head of state usually by hereditary right<br>s. greatest in status or authority or power | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sovereign>n. 元首, 独立国<br>a. 具有主权的, 至高无上的, 国王的, 完全的</a> |  |  | 4.99
<b>mainland</b> | 'meinlәnd | n. the main land mass of a country or continent; as distinguished from an island or peninsula | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mainland>n. 大陆, 本土<br>[法] 大陆</a> |  |  | 4.86
<b>continent</b> | 'kɒntinәnt | n. one of the large landmasses of the earth<br>n. the European mainland<br>a. having control over urination and defecation | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/continent>n. 大陆, 洲<br>a. 自制的</a> | -ant, -ent |  | 4.98
<b>tasmania</b> | tæz'meinjә | n. an Australian state on the island of Tasmania<br>n. an island off the southeastern coast of Australia | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tasmania>n. 塔斯马尼亚岛（位于澳洲东南方）</a> |  |  | 5.17
<b>numerous</b> | 'nju:mәrәs | s. amounting to a large indefinite number | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/numerous>a. 很多的, 数目众多的, 多数的<br>[机] 多数的, 甚多的</a> | numer |  | 4.13
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Matter>Matter</a> 
<font size=3>
In classical physics and general chemistry, matter is any substance that has mass and takes up space by having volume. 　All everyday objects that can be touched are ultimately composed of atoms, which are made up of interacting subatomic particles, and in everyday as well as scientific usage, "matter" generally includes atoms and anything made up of them, and any particles (or combination of particles) that act as if they have both rest mass and volume. 　However it does not include massless particles such as photons, or other energy phenomena or waves such as light or heat.　: 21  Matter exists in various states (also known as phases). 　These include classical everyday phases such as solid, liquid, and gas – for example water exists as ice, liquid water, and gaseous steam – but other states are possible, including plasma, Bose–Einstein condensates, fermionic condensates, and quark–gluon plasma. 　Usually atoms can be imagined as a nucleus of protons and neutrons, and a surrounding "cloud" of orbiting electrons which "take up space". 　However this is only somewhat correct, because subatomic particles and their properties are governed by their quantum nature, which means they do not act as everyday objects appear to act – they can act like waves as well as particles and they do not have well-defined sizes or positions. 　In the Standard Model of particle physics, matter is not a fundamental concept because the elementary constituents of atoms are quantum entities which do not have an inherent "size" or "volume" in any everyday sense of the word. 　Due to the exclusion principle and other fundamental interactions, some "point particles" known as fermions (quarks, leptons), and many composites and atoms, are effectively forced to keep a distance from other particles under everyday conditions; this creates the property of matter which appears to us as matter taking up space. 　For much of the history of the natural sciences people have contemplated the exact nature of matter. 　The idea that matter was built of discrete building blocks, the so-called particulate theory of matter, appeared in both ancient Greece and ancient India. 　Early philosophers who proposed the particulate theory of matter include Kanada (c. 6th–century BCE or after), Leucippus (~490 BCE), and Democritus (~470–380 BCE).
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>classical</b> | 'klæsikl | a. of or relating to the most highly developed stage of an earlier civilisation and its culture<br>a. of or relating to the study of the literary works of ancient Greece and Rome<br>s. (language) having the form used by ancient standard authors<br>s. of or pertaining to or characteristic of the ancient Greek and Roman cultures | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/classical>a. 古典的, 正统派的, 经典的<br>[医] 古典的; 标准的, 典型的</a> | -al2, -ial, -ual |  | 4.16
<b>chemistry</b> | 'kemistri | n. the science of matter; the branch of the natural sciences dealing with the composition of substances and their properties and reactions<br>n. the chemical composition and properties of a substance or object<br>n. the way two individuals relate to each other | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chemistry>n. 化学, 化学过程<br>[化] 化学</a> |  |  | 4.66
<b>substance</b> | 'sʌbstәns | n. the real physical matter of which a person or thing consists<br>n. material of a particular kind or constitution<br>n. a particular kind or species of matter with uniform properties | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/substance>n. 物质, 实质, 主旨, 资产, 本质, 牢固<br>[化] 物质</a> | sta, stas, stat, stant, -stance |  | 4.84
<b>mass</b> | mæs | n. the property of a body that causes it to have weight in a gravitational field<br>n. an ill-structured collection of similar things (objects or people)<br>n. (Roman Catholic Church and Protestant Churches) the celebration of the Eucharist<br>n. a body of matter without definite shape | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mass>n. 块, 大多数, 质量, 大量, 群众, 弥撒<br>a. 群众的, 大规模的, 整个的<br>vt. 使集合, 集中<br>vi. 聚集</a> |  | mas | 3.87
<b>volume</b> | 'vɒljum | n. the amount of 3-dimensional space occupied by an object<br>n. a publication that is one of a set of several similar publications<br>n. a relative amount<br>n. the magnitude of sound (usually in a specified direction) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/volume>n. 册, 卷, 体积, 容量, 大量, 许多, 份量, 音量<br>vi. 成团卷起<br>vt. 把...收集成卷<br>a. 大量的<br>[计] 卷</a> | volv, volu, volut |  | 4.25
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mass>Mass</a> 
<font size=3>
Mass is an intrinsic property of a body. 　It was traditionally believed to be related to the quantity of matter in a physical body, until the discovery of the atom and particle physics. 　It was found that different atoms and different elementary particles, theoretically with the same amount of matter, have nonetheless different masses. 　Mass in modern physics has multiple definitions which are conceptually distinct, but physically equivalent. 　Mass can be experimentally defined as a measure of the body's inertia, meaning the resistance to acceleration (change of velocity) when a net force is applied. 　The object's mass also determines the strength of its gravitational attraction to other bodies. 　The SI base unit of mass is the kilogram (kg). 　In physics, mass is not the same as weight, even though mass is often determined by measuring the object's weight using a spring scale, rather than balance scale comparing it directly with known masses. 　An object on the Moon would weigh less than it does on Earth because of the lower gravity, but it would still have the same mass. 　This is because weight is a force, while mass is the property that (along with gravity) determines the strength of this force.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>intrinsic</b> | in'trinsik | a. belonging to a thing by its very nature<br>s. situated within or belonging solely to the organ or body part on which it acts | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/intrinsic>a. 本质的, 原有的, 真正的<br>[医] 内部的, 内在的</a> |  |  | 4.96
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/France>France</a> 
<font size=3>
Coordinates: 47°N 2°E﻿ / ﻿47°N 2°E﻿ / 47; 2 France (French: [fʁɑ̃s] ), officially the French Republic (French: République française [ʁepyblik frɑ̃sɛz]), is a country located primarily in Western Europe. 　It also includes overseas regions and territories in the Americas and the Atlantic, Pacific and Indian Oceans, giving it one of the largest discontiguous exclusive economic zones in the world. 　Its metropolitan area extends from the Rhine to the Atlantic Ocean and from the Mediterranean Sea to the English Channel and the North Sea; overseas territories include French Guiana in South America, Saint Pierre and Miquelon in the North Atlantic, the French West Indies, and many islands in Oceania and the Indian Ocean. 　Its eighteen integral regions (five of which are overseas) span a combined area of 643,801 km2 (248,573 sq mi) and had a total population of over 68 million as of January 2023[update]. 　France is a unitary semi-presidential republic with its capital in Paris, the country's largest city and main cultural and commercial centre; other major urban areas include Marseille, Lyon, Toulouse, Lille, Bordeaux, and Nice. 　Inhabited since the Palaeolithic era, the territory of Metropolitan France was settled by Celtic tribes known as Gauls during the Iron Age. 　Rome annexed the area in 51 BC, leading to a distinct Gallo-Roman culture that laid the foundation of the French language. 　The Germanic Franks formed the Kingdom of Francia, which became the heartland of the Carolingian Empire. 　The Treaty of Verdun of 843 partitioned the empire, with West Francia becoming the Kingdom of France in 987. 　In the High Middle Ages, France was a powerful but highly decentralised feudal kingdom. 　Philip II successfully strengthened royal power and defeated his rivals to double the size of the crown lands; by the end of his reign, France had emerged as the most powerful state in Europe. 　From the mid-14th to the mid-15th century, France was plunged into a series of dynastic conflicts involving England, collectively known as the Hundred Years' War, and a distinct French identity emerged as a result. 　The French Renaissance saw art and culture flourish, conflict with the House of Habsburg, and the establishment of a global colonial empire, which by the 20th century would become the second-largest in the world. 　The second half of the 16th century was dominated by religious civil wars between Catholics and Huguenots that severely weakened the country. 　France again emerged as Europe's dominant power in the 17th century under Louis XIV following the Thirty Years' War. 　Inadequate economic policies, inequitable taxes and frequent wars (notably a defeat in the Seven Years' War and costly involvement in the American War of Independence) left the kingdom in a precarious economic situation by the end of the 18th century. 　This precipitated the French Revolution of 1789, which overthrew the Ancien Régime and produced the Declaration of the Rights of Man, which expresses the nation's ideals to this day. 　France reached its political and military zenith in the early 19th century under Napoleon Bonaparte, subjugating much of continental Europe and establishing the First French Empire. 　The French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars shaped the course of European and world history. 　The collapse of the empire initiated a period of relative decline, in which France endured a tumultuous succession of governments until the founding of the French Third Republic during the Franco-Prussian War in 1870. 　Subsequent decades saw a period of optimism, cultural and scientific flourishing, as well as economic prosperity, known as the Belle Époque. 　France was one of the major participants of World War I, from which it emerged victorious at a great human and economic cost. 　It was among the Allied powers of World War II but was soon occupied by the Axis in 1940. 　Following liberation in 1944, the short-lived Fourth Republic was established and later dissolved in the course of the Algerian War. 　The current Fifth Republic was formed in 1958 by Charles de Gaulle. 　Algeria and most French colonies became independent in the 1960s, with the majority retaining close economic and military ties with France. 　France retains its centuries-long status as a global centre of art, science and philosophy. 　It hosts the fifth-largest number of UNESCO World Heritage Sites and is the world's leading tourist destination, receiving over 89 million foreign visitors in 2018. 　France is a developed country ranked 28th in the Human Development Index, with the world's seventh-largest economy by nominal GDP and tenth-largest by PPP; in terms of aggregate household wealth, it ranks fourth in the world. 　France performs well in international rankings of education, health care, and life expectancy. 　It remains a great power in global affairs, being one of the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council and an official nuclear-weapon state. 　France is a founding and leading member of the European Union and the Eurozone, as well as a key member of the Group of Seven, North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) and Francophonie.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>coordinates</b> | kәu'ɔ:dineits | n a number that identifies a position relative to an axis<br>v bring order and organization to<br>v bring into common action, movement, or condition<br>v be co-ordinated<br>v bring (components or parts) into proper or desirable coordination correlation | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coordinates>n. 坐标；相配之衣物</a> |  | coordinate | 4.96
<b>N</b> | en | n. the 14th letter of the Roman alphabet | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/N>[计] 负的, 数, 编号, 纳<br>[医] 氮(7号元素), 当量的, 规度的(溶液)</a> |  |  | 2.73
<b>France</b> | frɑ:ns | n. a republic in western Europe; the largest country wholly in Europe<br>n. French writer of sophisticated novels and short stories (1844-1924) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/France>n. 法国</a> |  |  | 3.87
<b>French</b> | frentʃ | n. the Romance language spoken in France and in countries colonized by France<br>n. the people of France<br>n. United States sculptor who created the seated marble figure of Abraham Lincoln in the Lincoln Memorial in Washington D.C. (1850-1931) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/French>n. 法国人, 法文, 法式<br>a. 法国的, 法国人的, 法语的</a> |  |  | 3.71
<b>Europe</b> | 'juәrәp | n. the 2nd smallest continent (actually a vast peninsula of Eurasia); the British use `Europe' to refer to all of the continent except the British Isles<br>n. the nations of the European continent collectively | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Europe>n. 欧洲</a> |  |  | 3.98
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Video>Video</a> 
<font size=3>
Video is an electronic medium for the recording, copying, playback, broadcasting, and display of moving visual media. 　Video was first developed for mechanical television systems, which were quickly replaced by cathode-ray tube (CRT) systems which, in turn, were replaced by flat panel displays of several types. 　Video systems vary in display resolution, aspect ratio, refresh rate, color capabilities and other qualities. 　Analog and digital variants exist and can be carried on a variety of media, including radio broadcast, magnetic tape, optical discs, computer files, and network streaming.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>electronic</b> | .ilek'trɒnik | a. of or relating to electronics; concerned with or using devices that operate on principles governing the behavior of electrons<br>a. of or concerned with electrons | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/electronic>a. 电子的<br>[计] 电子工业协会接口</a> |  |  | 4.34
<b>copying</b> | 'kɔpiiŋ | n. an act of copying | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/copying>n. 誊写, 复写<br>[计] 仿形的</a> |  | copy | 5.61
<b>playback</b> | 'pleibæk | n. the act of reproducing recorded sound<br>n. electronic equipment comprising the part of a tape recorder that reproduces the recorded material | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/playback>n. (录音)重放, (录音)重放装置<br>[计] 重现</a> |  |  | 5.54
<b>broadcasting</b> | 'brɒ:dkæstiŋ | n. taking part in a radio or tv program | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/broadcasting>n. 广播<br>[电] 广播</a> |  | broadcast | 4.53
<b>display</b> | dis'plei | n. something intended to communicate a particular impression<br>n. something shown to the public<br>n. a visual representation of something<br>n. behavior that makes your feelings public | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/display>n. 显示, 陈列, 炫耀, 显示器<br>vt. 陈列, 显示, 表现, 夸示<br>[计] 显示器; 显示</a> | dis- |  | 4.43
<b>media</b> | 'mi:diә | n a means or instrumentality for storing or communicating information<br>n the surrounding environment<br>n an intervening substance through which signals can travel as a means for communication<br>n (bacteriology) a nutrient substance (solid or liquid) that is used to cultivate micro-organisms<br>n a liquid with which pigment is mixed by a painter<br>n (biology) a substance in which specimens are preserved or displayed<br>n an intervening substance through which something is achieved<br>n a state that is intermediate between extremes; a middle position<br>n someone who serves as an intermediary between the living and the dead<br>n (usually plural) transmissions that are disseminated widely to the public<br>n an occupation for which you are especially well suited | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/media>n. 媒体<br>[计] 媒质</a> |  | medium | 3.94
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/California>California</a> 
<font size=3>
California is a state in the Western United States, located along the Pacific Coast. 　With nearly 39.2 million residents across a total area of approximately 163,696 square miles (423,970 km2), it is the most populous U.S. state and the third-largest by area. 　It is also the most populated subnational entity in North America and the 34th most populous in the world. 　The Greater Los Angeles and San Francisco Bay areas are the nation's second and fifth most populous urban regions respectively, with the former having more than 18.7 million residents and the latter having over 9.6 million. 　Sacramento is the state's capital, while Los Angeles is the most populous city in the state and the second most populous city in the country. 　San Francisco is the second most densely populated major city in the country. 　Los Angeles County is the country's most populous, while San Bernardino County is the largest county by area in the country. 　California borders Oregon to the north, Nevada and Arizona to the east, the Mexican state of Baja California to the south; and has a coastline along the Pacific Ocean to the west. 　The economy of the state of California is the largest in the United States, with a $3.4 trillion gross state product (GSP) as of 2022[update]. 　It is the largest sub-national economy in the world. 　If California were a sovereign nation, it would rank as the world's fifth-largest economy as of 2022[update], behind Germany and ahead of India, as well as the 37th most populous. 　The Greater Los Angeles area and the San Francisco Bay Area are the nation's second- and third-largest urban economies ($1.0 trillion and $0.5 trillion respectively as of 2020[update]). 　The San Francisco Bay Area Combined Statistical Area had the nation's highest gross domestic product per capita ($106,757) among large primary statistical areas in 2018, and is home to five of the world's ten largest companies by market capitalization and four of the world's ten richest people. 　Slightly over 84 percent of the state's residents hold a high school degree, the lowest high school education rate of all 50 states. 　Prior to European colonization, California was one of the most culturally and linguistically diverse areas in pre-Columbian North America and contained the highest Native American population density north of what is now Mexico. 　European exploration in the 16th and 17th centuries led to the colonization of California by the Spanish Empire. 　In 1804, it was included in Alta California province within the Viceroyalty of New Spain. 　The area became a part of Mexico in 1821, following its successful war for independence, but was ceded to the United States in 1848 after the Mexican–American War. 　The California Gold Rush started in 1848 and led to dramatic social and demographic changes, including large-scale immigration into California, a worldwide economic boom, and the California genocide of indigenous peoples. 　The western portion of Alta California was then organized and admitted as the 31st state on September 9, 1850, following the Compromise of 1850. 　Notable contributions to popular culture, for example in entertainment, sports, music, and fashion, have their origins in California. 　The state also has made noteworthy contributions in the fields of communication, information, innovation, education, environmentalism, economics, politics, technology, and religion. 　It is the home of Hollywood, the oldest and one of the largest film industries in the world, which has had a profound influence upon global entertainment. 　It is considered the origin of the American film industry, hippie counterculture, beach and car culture, the personal computer, the internet, fast food, diners, burger joints, skateboarding, and the fortune cookie among other innovations. 　The San Francisco Bay Area and the Greater Los Angeles Area are widely seen as the centers of the global technology and film industries, respectively. 　California's economy is very diverse: 58% of it is based on finance, government, real estate, technology, professional, scientific, technical and business services, education, health, transportation, trade, hospitality, leisure, utilities, tourism, manufacturing, construction, shipping, and many other industries. 　Although agriculture accounts for only 1.5% of the state's economy, California's agriculture industry has the highest output of any U.S. state. 　California's ports and harbors handle about a third of all U.S. imports, most originating in Pacific Rim international trade. 　The state's extremely diverse geography ranges from the Pacific Coast and metropolitan areas in the west to the Sierra Nevada mountains in the east, and from the redwood and Douglas fir forests in the northwest to the Mojave Desert in the southeast. 　The Central Valley, a major agricultural area, dominates the state's center. 　California is well known for its warm Mediterranean climate and monsoon seasonal weather. 　The large size of the state results in climates that vary from moist temperate rainforest in the north to arid desert in the interior, as well as snowy alpine in the mountains. 　Drought and wildfires are a persistent issue for the state. 　California has established a state program in recognition of Native American use of fire in ecosystems to mitigate wildfires.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>California</b> | .kæli'fɒ:njә | n. a state in the western United States on the Pacific; the 3rd largest state; known for earthquakes | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/California>n. 加利福尼亚</a> |  |  | 3.88
<b>along</b> | ә'lɒŋ | r. with a forward motion<br>r. in accompaniment or as a companion<br>r. to a more advanced state<br>r. in addition (usually followed by `with') | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/along>adv. 平行地, 向前<br>prep. 沿着</a> |  |  | 3.50
<b>pacific</b> | pә'sifik | n. the largest ocean in the world<br>a. relating to or bordering the Pacific Ocean<br>s. disposed to peace or of a peaceful nature | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pacific>n. 太平洋<br>a. 太平洋的, 太平洋沿岸的, 爱好和平的, 安静的, 平息的</a> | -fic |  | 4.24
<b>coast</b> | kәust | n. a slope down which sleds may coast<br>n. the area within view<br>v. move effortlessly; by force of gravity | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coast>n. 海岸, 滑坡<br>v. 沿海岸而行</a> |  |  | 4.04
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Construction>Construction</a> 
<font size=3>
Construction is a general term meaning the art and science to form objects, systems, or organizations, and comes from Latin constructio (from com- "together" and struere "to pile up") and Old French construction. 　To construct is the verb: the act of building, and the noun is construction: how something is built, the nature of its structure. 　In its most widely used context, construction covers the processes involved in delivering buildings, infrastructure, industrial facilities and associated activities through to the end of their life. 　It typically starts with planning, financing, and design, and continues until the asset is built and ready for use; construction also covers repairs and maintenance work, any works to expand, extend and improve the asset, and its eventual demolition, dismantling or decommissioning. 　The construction industry contributes significantly to many countries’ gross domestic products (GDP). 　Global expenditure on construction activities was about $4 trillion in 2012. 　In 2022, expenditure on the construction industry exceeded $11 trillion a year, equivalent to about 13 percent of global GDP. 　This spending was forecast to rise to around $14.8 trillion in 2030. 　Although the construction industry promotes economic development and brings many non-monetary benefits to many countries, it is one of the most hazardous industries. 　For example, about 20% (1,061) of US industry fatalities in 2019 happened in construction.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>comes</b> | 'kɔmis | n the thick white fluid containing spermatozoa that is ejaculated by the male genital tract<br>v move toward, travel toward something or somebody or approach something or somebody<br>v reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress<br>v come to pass; arrive, as in due course<br>v reach or enter a state, relation, condition, use, or position<br>v to be the product or result<br>v be found or available; The furniture comes unassembled"<br>v come forth<br>v be a native of<br>v extend or reach<br>v exist or occur in a certain point in a series<br>v cover a certain distance<br>v come under, be classified or included<br>v happen as a result<br>v add up in number or quantity<br>v develop into<br>v be received<br>v come to one's mind; suggest itself<br>v come from; be connected by a relationship of blood, for example<br>v proceed or get along<br>v experience orgasm<br>v have a certain priority | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comes>v. 来自；从…来（come的三单形式）</a> |  | come | 4.13
<b>pile</b> | pail | n. a collection of objects laid on top of each other<br>n. a large sum of money (especially as pay or profit)<br>n. a column of wood or steel or concrete that is driven into the ground to provide support for a structure<br>n. the yarn (as in a rug or velvet or corduroy) that stands up from the weave | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pile>n. 堆, 大堆, 大厦, 建筑群, 电池, 大量, 桥桩, 软毛, 痔疮<br>vi. 堆起, 堆积, 积累, 挤, 猛烈攻击<br>vt. 堆于, 累积, 堆叠, 打桩于, 用桩支撑</a> |  |  | 4.95
<b>old</b> | әuld | n. past times (especially in the phrase `in days of old')<br>a. (used especially of persons) having lived for a relatively long time or attained a specific age<br>a. of long duration; not new<br>s. (used for emphasis) very familiar | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/old>n. 以前, 往昔<br>a. 老的, 旧的, 古老的, 年长的, 老练的</a> |  |  | 3.47
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Post>Post</a> 
<font size=3>
Look up Post or post in Wiktionary, the free dictionary. 　Post or POST commonly refers to: Mail, the postal system, especially in Commonwealth of Nations countries An Post, the Irish national postal service Canada Post, Canadian postal service Deutsche Post, German postal service Iraqi Post, Iraqi postal service Russian Post, Russian postal service Hotel post, a service formerly offered by remote Swiss hotels for the carriage of mail to the nearest official post office United States Postal Service or USPS Parcel post, a postal service for mail that is heavier than ordinary letters Post, a job or occupation Post, POST, or posting may also refer to:
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>post</b> | pәust | n. the position where someone (as a guard or sentry) stands or is assigned to stand<br>n. an upright consisting of a piece of timber or metal fixed firmly in an upright position<br>n. United States aviator who in 1933 made the first solo flight around the world (1899-1935)<br>n. United States female author who wrote a book and a syndicated newspaper column on etiquette (1872-1960) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/post>n. 柱, 杆, 准星, 邮件, 邮政, 标竿, 职位, 岗位, 哨所, 兵营<br>vt. 张帖, 邮递, 公布, 登入帐, 使熟悉, 布置<br>vi. 快速行进<br>adv. 急速地<br>[计] 记入; 登记, 上电自检</a> |  |  | 3.88
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sea>Sea</a> 
<font size=3>
Sea refers to a large body of salty water, specifically of seawater. 　There are particular seas and the sea. 　The body of saline water that is generally referred to as the sea, is a body of salt water that extends as ocean water and ocean (or world ocean) over approximately 71% of the Earth's surface. 　The particular seas are either marginal seas, second-order sections of the oceanic sea (e.g. the Mediterranean Sea), or certain large, entirely landlocked, saltwater lakes (e.g. the Caspian Sea). 　The salinity of water bodies varies widely, being lower near the surface and the mouths of large rivers and higher in the depths of the ocean; however, the relative proportions of dissolved salts vary little across the oceans. 　The most abundant solid dissolved in seawater is sodium chloride. 　The water also contains salts of magnesium, calcium, potassium, and mercury, amongst many other elements, some in minute concentrations. 　The ocean moderates Earth's climate and has important roles in the water, carbon, and nitrogen cycles. 　The surface of water interacts with the atmosphere, exchanging properties such as particles and temperature, as well as currents. 　Surface currents are the water currents that are produced by the atmosphere's currents and its winds blowing over the surface of the water, producing wind waves, setting up through drag slow but stable circulations of water, as in the case of the ocean sustaining deep-sea ocean currents. 　Deep-sea currents, known together as the global conveyor belt, carry cold water from near the poles to every ocean and significantly influencing Earth's climate. 　Tides, the generally twice-daily rise and fall of sea levels, are caused by Earth's rotation and the gravitational effects of the Moon and, to a lesser extent, of the Sun. 　Tides may have a very high range in bays or estuaries. 　Submarine earthquakes arising from tectonic plate movements under the oceans can lead to destructive tsunamis, as can volcanoes, huge landslides, or the impact of large meteorites. 　A wide variety of organisms, including bacteria, protists, algae, plants, fungi, and animals, lives in the seas, which offers a wide range of marine habitats and ecosystems, ranging vertically from the sunlit surface and shoreline to the great depths and pressures of the cold, dark abyssal zone, and in latitude from the cold waters under polar ice caps to the warm waters of coral reefs in tropical regions. 　Many of the major groups of organisms evolved in the sea and life may have started there. 　The seas have been an integral element for humans throughout history and culture. 　Humans harnessing and studying the seas have been recorded since ancient times, and evidenced well into prehistory, while its modern scientific study is called oceanography and maritime space is governed by the law of the sea, with admiralty law regulating human interactions at sea. 　The seas provide substantial supplies of food for humans, mainly fish, but also shellfish, mammals and seaweed, whether caught by fishermen or farmed underwater. 　Other human uses of the seas include trade, travel, mineral extraction, power generation, warfare, and leisure activities such as swimming, sailing, and scuba diving. 　Many of these activities create marine pollution.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>salty</b> | 'sɒ:lti | a. containing or filled with salt<br>s. one of the four basic taste sensations; like the taste of sea water | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salty>a. 有盐分的, 咸味浓的, 海洋的, 辛辣的, 有经验的</a> | -y1, -ey |  | 5.68
<b>specifically</b> | spi'sifikli | r. in distinction from others | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/specifically>adv. 特定地, 明确地, 按特性</a> |  |  | 4.34
<b>seawater</b> | 'si:.wɒtә | n. water containing salts | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seawater>n. 海水<br>[化] 海水</a> |  |  | 5.79
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hair>Hair</a> 
<font size=3>
Hair is a protein filament that grows from follicles found in the dermis. 　Hair is one of the defining characteristics of mammals. 　The human body, apart from areas of glabrous skin, is covered in follicles which produce thick terminal and fine vellus hair. 　Most common interest in hair is focused on hair growth, hair types, and hair care, but hair is also an important biomaterial primarily composed of protein, notably alpha-keratin. 　Attitudes towards different forms of hair, such as hairstyles and hair removal, vary widely across different cultures and historical periods, but it is often used to indicate a person's personal beliefs or social position, such as their age, sex, or religion.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>hair</b> | hєә | n. a covering for the body (or parts of it) consisting of a dense growth of threadlike structures (as on the human head); helps to prevent heat loss<br>n. filamentous hairlike growth on a plant<br>n. any of the cylindrical filaments characteristically growing from the epidermis of a mammal<br>n. a filamentous projection or process on an organism | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hair>n. 头发, 毛发, 些微<br>[医] 毛, 发</a> |  |  | 3.88
<b>protein</b> | 'prәuti:in | n. any of a large group of nitrogenous organic compounds that are essential constituents of living cells; consist of polymers of amino acids; essential in the diet of animals for growth and for repair of tissues; can be obtained from meat and eggs and milk and legumes | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/protein>n. 蛋白质<br>a. 蛋白质的</a> | proto, prot |  | 4.51
<b>filament</b> | 'filәmәnt | n. the stalk of a stamen<br>n. a threadlike structure (as a chainlike series of cells)<br>n. a thin wire (usually tungsten) that is heated white hot by the passage of an electric current | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/filament>n. 细丝, 细线, 灯丝, 单纤维<br>[化] 长丝; 单丝(复丝中的单根细丝); 丝极</a> | fil2 |  | 5.56
<b>grows</b> | ɡrəuz | v pass into a condition gradually, take on a specific property or attribute; become<br>v become larger, greater, or bigger; expand or gain<br>v increase in size by natural process<br>v cause to grow or develop<br>v develop and reach maturity; undergo maturation<br>v come into existence; take on form or shape<br>v cultivate by growing, often involving improvements by means of agricultural techniques<br>v come to have or undergo a change of (physical features and attributes)<br>v grow emotionally or mature<br>v become attached by or as if by the process of growth | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grows>v. 种植( grow的第三人称单数 ); 扩大; 扩展; 增加</a> |  | grow | 4.72
<b>follicles</b> | ˈfɔlɪkəlz | n. any small spherical group of cells containing a cavity | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/follicles>n. 小囊, （头发的）毛囊( follicle的复数形式 )</a> |  | follicle | 6.25
<b>found</b> | faund | n. food and lodging provided in addition to money<br>a. come upon unexpectedly or after searching | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/found>vt. 建立, 创立, 铸造<br>find的过去式和过去分词</a> |  | find | 3.35
<b>dermis</b> | 'dә:mis | n. the deep vascular inner layer of the skin | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dermis>n. 真皮, 皮肤<br>[医] 真皮</a> | derm, derma, dermat, dermato |  | 6.64
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Word>Word</a> 
<font size=3>
A word is a basic element of language that carries an objective or practical meaning, can be used on its own, and is uninterruptible. 　Despite the fact that language speakers often have an intuitive grasp of what a word is, there is no consensus among linguists on its definition and numerous attempts to find specific criteria of the concept remain controversial. 　Different standards have been proposed, depending on the theoretical background and descriptive context; these do not converge on a single definition.　: 13:618  Some specific definitions of the term "word" are employed to convey its different meanings at different levels of description, for example based on phonological, grammatical or orthographic basis. 　Others suggest that the concept is simply a convention used in everyday situations.　: 6  The concept of "word" is distinguished from that of a morpheme, which is the smallest unit of language that has a meaning, even if it cannot stand on its own. 　Words are made out of at least one morpheme. 　Morphemes can also be joined to create other words in a process of morphological derivation.　: 768  In English and many other languages, the morphemes that make up a word generally include at least one root (such as "rock", "god", "type", "writ", "can", "not") and possibly some affixes ("-s", "un-", "-ly", "-ness"). 　Words with more than one root ("[type][writ]er", "[cow][boy]s", "[tele][graph]ically") are called compound words. 　In turn, words are combined to form other elements of language, such as phrases ("a red rock", "put up with"), clauses ("I threw a rock"), and sentences ("I threw a rock, but missed"). 　In many languages, the notion of what constitutes a "word" may be learned as part of learning the writing system. 　This is the case for the English language, and for most languages that are written with alphabets derived from the ancient Latin or Greek alphabets. 　In English orthography, the letter sequences "rock", "god", "write", "with", "the", and "not" are considered to be single-morpheme words, whereas "rocks", "ungodliness", "typewriter", and "cannot" are words composed of two or more morphemes ("rock"+"s", "un"+"god"+"li"+"ness", "type"+"writ"+"er", and "can"+"not").
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>practical</b> | 'præktikl | a. concerned with actual use or practice<br>s. having or put to a practical purpose or use | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/practical>a. 实际的, 现实的, 实用性的<br>[法] 事实上的, 实际上的, 接近...的</a> |  |  | 4.52
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rock_(geology)>Rock (geology)</a> 
<font size=3>
In geology, rock (or stone) is any naturally occurring solid mass or aggregate of minerals or mineraloid matter. 　It is categorized by the minerals included, its chemical composition, and the way in which it is formed. 　Rocks form the Earth's outer solid layer, the crust, and most of its interior, except for the liquid outer core and pockets of magma in the asthenosphere. 　The study of rocks involves multiple subdisciplines of geology, including petrology and mineralogy. 　It may be limited to rocks found on Earth, or it may include planetary geology that studies the rocks of other celestial objects. 　Rocks are usually grouped into three main groups: igneous rocks, sedimentary rocks and metamorphic rocks. 　Igneous rocks are formed when magma cools in the Earth's crust, or lava cools on the ground surface or the seabed. 　Sedimentary rocks are formed by diagenesis and lithification of sediments, which in turn are formed by the weathering, transport, and deposition of existing rocks. 　Metamorphic rocks are formed when existing rocks are subjected to such high pressures and temperatures that they are transformed without significant melting. 　Humanity has made use of rocks since the earliest humans. 　This early period, called the Stone Age, saw the development of many stone tools. 　Stone was then used as a major component in the construction of buildings and early infrastructure. 　Mining developed to extract rocks from the Earth and obtain the minerals within them, including metals. 　Modern technology has allowed the development of new man-made rocks and rock-like substances, such as concrete.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>geology</b> | dʒi'ɒlәdʒi | n. a science that deals with the history of the earth as recorded in rocks | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/geology>n. 地质学, 地质情况</a> | -logy, -ology |  | 5.23
<b>rock</b> | rɒk | n. a lump or mass of hard consolidated mineral matter<br>n. material consisting of the aggregate of minerals like those making up the Earth's crust<br>n. United States gynecologist and devout Catholic who conducted the first clinical trials of the oral contraceptive pill (1890-1984)<br>n. (figurative) someone who is strong and stable and dependable | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rock>n. 岩石, 岩礁, 石头, 基石, 暗礁, 摇动, 摇滚乐<br>vt. 摇摆, 摇动, 使摇晃, 使动摇<br>vi. 摇, 摇动</a> |  |  | 3.89
<b>stone</b> | stәun | n. building material consisting of a piece of rock hewn in a definite shape for a special purpose<br>n. an avoirdupois unit used to measure the weight of a human body; equal to 14 pounds<br>n. the hard inner (usually woody) layer of the pericarp of some fruits (as peaches or plums or cherries or olives) that contains the seed<br>n. United States jurist who was named chief justice of the United States Supreme Court in 1941 by Franklin D. Roosevelt (1872-1946) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stone>n. 石头, 宝石, 果核, 纪念碑, 结石<br>vt. 投扔石子, 铺石头<br>a. 石的, 石制的, 完全的</a> |  |  | 4.02
<b>naturally</b> | 'nætʃәrәli | r. as might be expected<br>r. according to nature; by natural means; without artificial help<br>r. through inherent nature<br>r. in a natural or normal manner | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/naturally>adv. 自然地, 以自然力, 天生地</a> |  |  | 4.64
<b>occurring</b> | ә'kә:riŋ | v come to pass<br>v come to one's mind; suggest itself<br>v to be found to exist | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/occurring>n. 事件；事故；事变</a> |  | occur | 4.91
<b>aggregate</b> | 'ægrigәt | n. material such as sand or gravel used with cement and water to make concrete, mortar, or plaster<br>n. a sum total of many heterogenous things taken together<br>v. amount in the aggregate to<br>v. gather in a mass, sum, or whole | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aggregate>n. 合计, 总计, 聚集体<br>a. 合计的, 聚集的<br>v. 聚集, 集合, 合计达<br>[计] 聚合体; 聚集</a> | greg |  | 5.02
<b>mineraloid</b> | 'minәrәlɒid |  | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mineraloid>n. 准矿物</a> |  |  | 10.00
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Green>Green</a> 
<font size=3>
You may need rendering support to display the Persian text in this article correctly. 　Green is the color between cyan and yellow on the visible spectrum. 　It is evoked by light which has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495–570 nm. 　In subtractive color systems, used in painting and color printing, it is created by a combination of yellow and cyan; in the RGB color model, used on television and computer screens, it is one of the additive primary colors, along with red and blue, which are mixed in different combinations to create all other colors. 　By far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy. 　Many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue themselves as camouflage. 　Several minerals have a green color, including the emerald, which is colored green by its chromium content. 　During post-classical and early modern Europe, green was the color commonly associated with wealth, merchants, bankers, and the gentry, while red was reserved for the nobility. 　For this reason, the costume of the Mona Lisa by Leonardo da Vinci and the benches in the British House of Commons are green while those in the House of Lords are red. 　It also has a long historical tradition as the color of Ireland and of Gaelic culture. 　It is the historic color of Islam, representing the lush vegetation of Paradise. 　It was the color of the banner of Muhammad, and is found in the flags of nearly all Islamic countries. 　In surveys made in American, European, and Islamic countries, green is the color most commonly associated with nature, life, health, youth, spring, hope, and envy. 　In the European Union and the United States, green is also sometimes associated with toxicity and poor health, but in China and most of Asia, its associations are very positive, as the symbol of fertility and happiness. 　Because of its association with nature, it is the color of the environmental movement. 　Political groups advocating environmental protection and social justice describe themselves as part of the Green movement, some naming themselves Green parties. 　This has led to similar campaigns in advertising, as companies have sold green, or environmentally friendly, products. 　Green is also the traditional color of safety and permission; a green light means go ahead, a green card permits permanent residence in the United States.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>you</b> | ju: | dat. & obj. The pronoun of the second person, in the nominative,<br> dative, and objective case, indicating the person or persons addressed.<br> See the Note under Ye. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/you>pron. 你, 你们</a> |  |  | 2.57
<b>rendering</b> | 'rendәriŋ | n. a coat of stucco applied to a masonry wall<br>n. perspective drawing of an architect's design<br>n. giving in acknowledgment of obligation | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rendering>n. 翻译, 表现, 描写, 表演, 打底, 透视图</a> |  | render | 5.16
<b>Persian</b> | 'pә:ʃәn | n. the language of Persia (Iran) in any of its ancient forms | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Persian>n. 波斯人, 波斯语</a> |  |  | 4.75
<b>text</b> | tekst | n. the words of something written<br>n. a passage from the Bible that is used as the subject of a sermon<br>n. the main body of a written work (as distinct from illustrations or footnotes etc.) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/text>n. 文本, 正文, 课文, 主题, 圣经文句, 乐谱<br>[计] 电文; 文本; 正文</a> | text |  | 4.12
<b>correctly</b> | kә'rektli | r. in an accurate manner | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/correctly>adv. 对, 正确, 恰当, 符合一般性准则, 符合行为准则, 端正, 符合</a> |  |  | 5.00
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David>David</a> 
<font size=3>
David (/ˈdeɪvɪd/; Hebrew: דָּוִד‎, Modern: Davīd, Tiberian: Dāwīḏ, "beloved one") was, according to the Hebrew Bible, the third king of the United Kingdom of Israel. 　Historians of the Ancient Near East agree that David probably lived around 1000 BCE, but little more is known about him as a historical figure. 　According to Jewish works such as the Seder Olam Rabbah, Seder Olam Zutta, and Sefer ha-Qabbalah, David ascended the throne as the king of Judah in 885 BCE. 　The Tel Dan stele, a Canaanite-inscribed stone that was erected by a king of Aram-Damascus in the late-9th/early-8th centuries BCE to commemorate a victory over two enemy kings, contains the Hebrew-language phrase Beit David (בית דוד‎), which is translated to "House of David" by most scholars. 　The Mesha stele, erected by king Mesha of Moab in the 9th century BCE, may also refer to the "House of David" although this is disputed. 　Apart from this, all that is known of David comes from biblical literature, the historicity of which has been extensively challenged, and there is little detail about David that is concrete and undisputed. 　In the biblical narrative of the Books of Samuel, David is described as a young shepherd and harpist who gains fame by killing Goliath. 　He becomes a favorite of Saul, the first king of Israel, but is forced to go into hiding when Saul becomes paranoid that David is trying to take his throne. 　After Saul and his son Jonathan are killed in battle, David is anointed king by the tribe of Judah and eventually all the tribes of Israel. 　He conquers Jerusalem, makes it the capital of a united Israel and brings the Ark of the Covenant to the city. 　He commits adultery with Bathsheba and arranges the death of her husband, Uriah the Hittite. 　David's son Absalom later tries to overthrow him, but David returns to Jerusalem after Absalom's death to continue his reign. 　David desires to build a temple to Yahweh but is denied because of the bloodshed in his reign. 　He dies at age 70 and chooses Solomon, his son with Bathsheba, as his successor instead of his eldest son Adonijah. 　David is honored as an ideal king and the forefather of the future Hebrew Messiah in Jewish prophetic literature and many psalms are attributed to him. 　David is also richly represented in post-biblical Jewish written and oral tradition and referenced in the New Testament. 　Early Christians interpreted the life of Jesus of Nazareth in light of references to the Hebrew Messiah and to David; Jesus is described as being directly descended from David in the Gospel of Matthew and the Gospel of Luke. 　In the Quran and hadith, David is described as an Israelite king as well as a prophet of Allah. 　The biblical David has inspired many interpretations in art and literature over the centuries.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>david</b> | 'deivid | n. patron saint of Wales (circa 520-600)<br>n. French neoclassical painter who actively supported the French Revolution (1748-1825)<br>n. (Old Testament) the 2nd king of the Israelites; as a young shepherd he fought Goliath (a giant Philistine warrior) and killed him by hitting him in the head with a stone flung from a sling; he united Israel with Jerusalem as its capital; many of the Psalms are attributed to David (circa 1000-962 BC) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/david>n. 大卫；戴维（男子名）</a> |  |  | 3.89
<b>Hebrew</b> | 'hi:bru: | n. the ancient Canaanitic language of the Hebrews that has been revived as the official language of Israel | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hebrew>n. 希伯来人, 希伯来语, 犹太人<br>a. 希伯来人的, 希伯来语的</a> |  |  | 4.79
<b>beloved</b> | bi'lʌvd | n. a beloved person; used as terms of endearment<br>s. dearly loved | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/beloved>a. 心爱的<br>n. 心爱的人</a> | be- |  | 5.07
<b>bible</b> | 'baibl | n. the sacred writings of the Christian religions<br>n. a book regarded as authoritative in its field | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bible>n. 圣经</a> |  |  | 4.68
<b>Israel</b> | 'izreil | n. Jewish republic in southwestern Asia at eastern end of Mediterranean; formerly part of Palestine<br>n. an ancient kingdom of the Hebrew tribes at the southeastern end of the Mediterranean Sea; founded by Saul around 1025 BC and destroyed by the Assyrians in 721 BC | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Israel>n. 以色列, 以色列后裔, 犹太人</a> |  |  | 4.26
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Match>Match</a> 
<font size=3>
A match is a tool for starting a fire. 　Typically, matches are made of small wooden sticks or stiff paper. 　One end is coated with a material that can be ignited by friction generated by striking the match against a suitable surface. 　Wooden matches are packaged in matchboxes, and paper matches are partially cut into rows and stapled into matchbooks. 　The coated end of a match, known as the match "head", consists of a bead of active ingredients and binder, often colored for easier inspection. 　There are two main types of matches: safety matches, which can be struck only against a specially prepared surface, and strike-anywhere matches, for which any suitably frictional surface can be used. 　Because of the substance used to coat each match, this makes them non-biodegradable.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>match</b> | mætʃ | n. lighter consisting of a thin piece of wood or cardboard tipped with combustible chemical; ignites with friction<br>n. a formal contest in which two or more persons or teams compete<br>n. a burning piece of wood or cardboard<br>n. an exact duplicate | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/match>n. 比赛, 火柴, 对手<br>vt. 使相配, 使比赛, 与...竞争<br>vi. 结婚, 相配<br>[计] 比较</a> |  |  | 3.89
<b>starting</b> | 'stɑ:tiŋ | s. (especially of eyes) bulging or protruding as with fear<br>s. appropriate to the beginning or start of an event | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/starting>n. 开端, 开始, 出发, 起动, 开动<br>[机] 开动, 起动</a> |  | start | 4.10
</font>
<br>



