## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Longer>Longer</a> 
<font size=3>
"Longer" is a song written and recorded by the American singer-songwriter Dan Fogelberg and released in 1979 by Full Moon Records and Epic Records. 　The song can be found on Fogelberg's 1979 album Phoenix. 　It was also included on his 1982 greatest hits album as well as various other retrospective and compilation recordings. 　Fogelberg, who had released more rock oriented songs throughout the 1970s, jokingly described "Longer" in the liner notes to one of his retrospective albums as "the song that put me on the elevators." 　He wrote the song while vacationing in Maui, "lounging in a hammock one night and looking up at the stars. It just seems this song was drifting around the universe, saw me, and decided I'd give it a good home." 　Accompanying Fogelberg's vocals is an acoustic guitar (played by the singer) as well as a flugelhorn solo by Jerry Hey. 　Lyrically, the song compares various events ("Longer than there've been stars up in the heavens") with his emotional attachment to the one he loves ("I've been in love with you").
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>longer</b> | 'lɔŋɡә. 'lɔ:ŋ- | n. a person with a strong desire for something<br>r. for more time | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/longer>adv. 比较久</a> |  | long | 3.98
<b>dan</b> | dæn | n. A title of honor equivalent to master, or sir.<br>n. A small truck or sledge used in coal mines. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dan>n. 段(柔道、围棋运动员的等级)<br>[建] 小车, 空中吊运车, 杓</a> |  |  | 4.60
<b>moon</b> | mu:n | n. the natural satellite of the Earth<br>n. any object resembling a moon<br>n. United States religious leader (born in Korea) who founded the Unification Church in 1954; was found guilty of conspiracy to evade taxes (born in 1920)<br>n. any natural satellite of a planet | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moon>n. 月亮, 月球, 月光<br>vi. 闲荡<br>vt. 虚度</a> |  |  | 4.41
<b>epic</b> | 'epik | s. very imposing or impressive; surpassing the ordinary (especially in size or scale)<br>a. constituting or having to do with or suggestive of a literary epic | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/epic>n. 史诗, 叙事诗<br>a. 史诗的, 叙事诗的</a> |  |  | 4.95
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phase_(archaeology)>Phase (archaeology)</a> 
<font size=3>
In archaeology, a phase refers to the logical reduction of contexts recorded during excavation to nearly contemporary archaeological horizons that represent a distinct "phase" of previous land use. 　These often but not always will be a representation of a former land surface or occupation level and all associated features that were created into or from this point in time. 　A simplified description of phase would be that "a phase is a view of a given archaeological site as it would have been at time X". 　Examples of phases that would have no associated occupation surfaces are phases of a site that have been horizontally truncated by later phases and only elements surviving of the truncated phase are those that were below ground level and the subsequent truncation at that time. 　Subsequent or earlier phases are representations in changing occupation patterns and land use over time. 　Phase is an extremely important concept in archeological excavation and post-excavation work. 　Phasing is achieved by compiling smaller groups of contexts together through the use of stratification and stratigraphic excavation into ever larger units of understanding. 　The terminology of these sub-units or collections of contexts varies depending on practitioner, but the terms interface, sub-group, group, and feature are common. 　Phasing a site has a slightly different meaning from "digging in phase". 　Digging in phase is the process of stratigraphic removal of archaeological remains not to avoid removing contexts that are earlier in time lower in the sequence before other contexts that have a latter physical stratigraphic relationship to them. 　Digging a site "in phase" is considered good practice and can be thought of as the process of removing the deposits on site in the reverse order that they arrived. 　Phasing is achieved on site by many methods including intuition and experience, but the main analytical tool post excavation is the Harris matrix. 　Phase is sometimes termed differently depending on practitioner, examples include the term period but in the main phase is universal.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>phase</b> | feiz | n. any distinct time period in a sequence of events<br>n. (physical chemistry) a distinct state of matter in a system; matter that is identical in chemical composition and physical state and separated from other material by the phase boundary<br>n. a particular point in the time of a cycle; measured from some arbitrary zero and expressed as an angle<br>n. (astronomy) the particular appearance of a body's state of illumination (especially one of the recurring shapes of the part of Earth's moon that is illuminated by the sun) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phase>n. 时期, 局面, 方面, 位相, 相, 阶段<br>vt. 使调整相位, 使定相, 使一致, 逐步执行, 实行<br>[计] 阶段</a> |  |  | 3.98
<b>reduction</b> | ri'dʌkʃәn | n. any process in which electrons are added to an atom or ion (as by removing oxygen or adding hydrogen); always occurs accompanied by oxidation of the reducing agent<br>n. the act of reducing complexity | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reduction>n. 减少, 缩影, 变化<br>[化] 还原</a> |  |  | 4.54
<b>contemporary</b> | kәn'tempәrәri | n. a person of nearly the same age as another<br>s. characteristic of the present<br>s. belonging to the present time | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/contemporary>n. 同时代的人<br>a. 同时代的, 属于同一时期的</a> | -ary1 |  | 4.28
<b>archaeological</b> | .ɑ:kiә'lɒdʒikl | a. related to or dealing with or devoted to archaeology | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/archaeological>a. 考古学的, 考古学上的</a> |  |  | 4.77
<b>horizons</b> | hə'raɪznz | n. the line at which the sky and Earth appear to meet<br>n. the range of interest or activity that can be anticipated<br>n. a specific layer or stratum of soil or subsoil in a vertical cross section of land | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/horizons>n. 地平线( horizon的复数形式 ); 范围; 界限; 眼界</a> |  | horizon | 5.47
<b>represent</b> | .repri'zent | v. take the place of or be parallel or equivalent to<br>v. be representative or typical for<br>v. be a delegate or spokesperson for; represent somebody's interest or be a proxy or substitute for, as of politicians and office holders representing their constituents, or of a tenant representing other tenants in a housing dispute<br>v. serve as a means of expressing something | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/represent>vt. 表现, 表示, 描绘, 讲述, 代表, 象征, 回忆, 再赠送, 再上演<br>vi. 提出异议</a> |  |  | 4.40
<b>previous</b> | 'pri:viәs | s. just preceding something else in time or order<br>s. too soon or too hasty | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/previous>a. 早先的, 前面的, 过急的<br>[法] 以前的, 生前的, 前述的</a> |  |  | 3.92
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Europe>Europe</a> 
<font size=3>
Europe is a continent that is part of Eurasia and is located entirely in the Northern Hemisphere and mostly in the Eastern Hemisphere. 　Comprising the westernmost peninsulas of Eurasia, it shares the continental landmass of Afro-Eurasia with both Africa and Asia. 　It is bordered by the Arctic Ocean to the north, the Atlantic Ocean to the west, the Mediterranean Sea to the south, and Asia to the east. 　Europe is commonly considered to be separated from Asia by the watershed of the Ural Mountains, the Ural River, the Caspian Sea, the Greater Caucasus, the Black Sea and the waterways of the Turkish Straits. 　Europe covers about 10.18 million km2 (3.93 million sq mi), or 2% of Earth's surface (6.8% of land area), making it the second-smallest continent (using the seven-continent model). 　Politically, Europe is divided into about fifty sovereign states, of which Russia is the largest and most populous, spanning 39% of the continent and comprising 15% of its population. 　Europe had a total population of about 745 million (about 10% of the world population) in 2021. 　The European climate is largely affected by warm Atlantic currents that temper winters and summers on much of the continent, even at latitudes along which the climate in Asia and North America is severe. 　Further from the sea, seasonal differences are more noticeable than close to the coast. 　European culture is the root of Western civilisation, which traces its lineage back to ancient Greece and ancient Rome. 　The fall of the Western Roman Empire in 476 CE and the related Migration Period marked the end of Europe's ancient history, and the beginning of the Middle Ages. 　Renaissance humanism, exploration, art, and science led to the modern era. 　Since the Age of Discovery, started by Spain and Portugal, Europe played a predominant role in global affairs. 　Between the 16th and 20th centuries, European powers colonised at various times the Americas, almost all of Africa and Oceania, and the majority of Asia. 　The Age of Enlightenment, the subsequent French Revolution and the Napoleonic Wars shaped the continent culturally, politically and economically from the end of the 17th century until the first half of the 19th century. 　The Industrial Revolution, which began in Great Britain at the end of the 18th century, gave rise to radical economic, cultural and social change in Western Europe and eventually the wider world. 　Both world wars took place for the most part in Europe, contributing to a decline in Western European dominance in world affairs by the mid-20th century as the Soviet Union and the United States took prominence. 　During the Cold War, Europe was divided along the Iron Curtain between NATO in the West and the Warsaw Pact in the East, until the Revolutions of 1989, Fall of the Berlin Wall and the Dissolution of the Soviet Union. 　In 1949, the Council of Europe was founded with the idea of unifying Europe to achieve common goals and prevent future wars. 　Further European integration by some states led to the formation of the European Union (EU), a separate political entity that lies between a confederation and a federation. 　The EU originated in Western Europe but has been expanding eastward since the fall of the Soviet Union in 1991. 　The currency of most countries of the European Union, the euro, is the most commonly used among Europeans; and the EU's Schengen Area abolishes border and immigration controls between most of its member states, and some non-member states. 　There exists a political movement favouring the evolution of the European Union into a single federation encompassing much of the continent.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>Eurasia</b> | ju'reiʒә | n. the land mass formed by the continents of Europe and Asia | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eurasia>n. 欧亚大陆</a> |  |  | 5.78
<b>entirely</b> | in'taiәli | r. without any others being included or involved | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/entirely>adv. 完全, 全然, 一概</a> |  |  | 4.36
<b>hemisphere</b> | 'hemisfiә | n. half of the terrestrial globe<br>n. half of a sphere<br>n. either half of the cerebrum | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hemisphere>n. 半球, 地球的半面, 大脑半球<br>[医] 半球</a> | spher, -sphere |  | 5.20
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bed_(geology)>Bed (geology)</a> 
<font size=3>
In geology, a bed is a layer of sediment, sedimentary rock, or pyroclastic material "bounded above and below by more or less well-defined bedding surfaces". 　Specifically in sedimentology, a bed can be defined in one of two major ways. 　First, Campbell and Reineck and Singh use the term bed to refer to a thickness-independent layer comprising a coherent layer of sedimentary rock, sediment, or pyroclastic material bounded above and below by surfaces known as bedding planes. 　By this definition of bed, laminae are small beds that constitute the smallest (visible) layers of a hierarchical succession and often, but not always, internally comprise a bed. 　Alternatively, a bed can be defined by thickness where a bed is a coherent layer of sedimentary rock, sediment, or pyroclastic material greater than 1 cm thick and a lamina is a coherent layer of sedimentary rock, sediment, or pyroclastic material less than 1 cm thick. 　This method of defining bed versus lamina is frequently used in textbooks, e.g., Collinson & Mountney or Miall. 　Both definitions have merit and the choice of which one to use will depend on the focus of the specific study on a case by case basis. 　In geology, a bedding surface is either a planar, nearly planar, to wavy or curved 3-dimensional surface that visibly separates each successive bed (of the same or different lithology) from the preceding or following bed. 　Where bedding surfaces occur as cross-sections, e.g., in a 2-dimensional vertical cliff face of horizontal strata, are often referred to as bedding contacts. 　Within conformable successions, each bedding surface acted as the depositional surface for the accumulation of younger sediment. 　Typically, but not always, bedding surfaces record changes in either the rate or type of accumulating sediment that created the underlying bed. 　Typically, they represent either a period of nondeposition, erosional truncation, shift in flow or sediment regime, abrupt change in composition, or combination of these as a result of changes in environmental conditions. 　As a result, a bed is typically, but not always, interpreted to represent a single period of time when sediments or pyroclastic material accumulated during uniform and steady paleoenvironmental conditions. 　However, some bedding surfaces may be postdepositional features either formed or enhanced by diagenetic processes or weathering. 　The relationship between bedding surfaces controls the gross geometry of a bed. 　Most commonly, the bottom and top surfaces of beds are subparallel to parallel to each other. 　However, some bedding surfaces of a bed are nonparallel, e.g., wavy, or curved. 　Differing combinations of nonparallel bedding surfaces results in beds of widely varying geometric shapes such as uniform-tabular, tabular-lenticular, curved-tabular, wedge-shaped, and irregular beds. 　Types of beds include cross-beds and graded beds. 　Cross-beds, or "sets," are not layered horizontally and are formed by a combination of local deposition on the inclined surfaces of ripples or dunes, and local erosion. 　Graded beds show a gradual change in grain or clast sizes from one side of the bed to the other. 　A normal grading occurs where there are larger grain sizes on the older side, while an inverse grading occurs where there are smaller grain sizes on the older side.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>bed</b> | bed | n. a piece of furniture that provides a place to sleep<br>n. a plot of ground in which plants are growing<br>n. a depression forming the ground under a body of water<br>n. (geology) a stratum of rock (especially sedimentary rock) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bed>n. 床, 睡眠处, 河床, 底座, 路基, 一层<br>vt. 提供宿处, 栽种, 安装<br>vi. 睡, 形成坚实的一层</a> |  |  | 3.98
<b>sedimentary</b> | .sedi'mentәri | a. resembling or containing or formed by the accumulation of sediment | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sedimentary>a. 沉渣的, 沉淀物的, 由沉淀物所生成的<br>[医] 沉淀的, 沉积的, 沉降的</a> | -ary1 |  | 5.61
<b>pyroclastic</b> | ,paiərә?'klæstik,,pi- |  | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pyroclastic>a. 火成碎屑的<br>n. 火成碎屑物</a> |  |  | 6.28
<b>bounded</b> | 'baundid | s. having the limits or boundaries established | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bounded>a. 有界限的</a> |  | bound | 4.68
<b>bedding</b> | 'bediŋ | n coverings that are used on a bed<br>n material used to provide a bed for animals<br>v furnish with a bed<br>v place (plants) in a prepared bed of soil<br>v put to bed<br>v have sexual intercourse with<br>v prepare for sleep | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bedding>n. 被褥, 寝具, 床上用品, 基床<br>[机] 褥草, 被褥</a> |  | bed | 5.80
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bed>Bed</a> 
<font size=3>
A bed is an item of furniture that is used as a place to sleep, rest, and relax. 　Most modern beds consist of a soft, cushioned mattress on a bed frame. 　The mattress rests either on a solid base, often wood slats, or a sprung base. 　Many beds include a box spring inner-sprung base, which is a large mattress-sized box containing wood and springs that provide additional support and suspension for the mattress. 　Beds are available in many sizes, ranging from infant-sized bassinets and cribs, to small beds for a single person or adult, to large queen and king-size beds designed for two people. 　While most beds are single mattresses on a fixed frame, there are other varieties, such as the murphy bed, which folds into a wall, the sofa bed, which folds out of a sofa, the trundle bed, which is stored under a low, twin-sized bed and can be rolled out to create a larger sleeping area, and the bunk bed, which provides two mattresses on two tiers as well as a ladder to access the upper tier. 　Temporary beds include the inflatable air mattress and the folding camp cot. 　Some beds contain neither a padded mattress nor a bed frame, such as the hammock. 　Other beds are made specifically for animals. 　Beds may have a headboard for resting against, and may have side rails and footboards. 　"Headboard only" beds may incorporate a "dust ruffle", "bed skirt", or "valance sheet" to hide the bed frame. 　To support the head, a pillow made of a soft, padded material is usually placed on the top of the mattress. 　Some form of covering blanket is often used to insulate the sleeper, often bed sheets, a quilt, or a duvet, collectively referred to as bedding. 　Bedding is the removable non-furniture portion of a bed, which enables these components to be washed or aired out.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>furniture</b> | 'fәnitʃә | n. furnishings that make a room or other area ready for occupancy | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/furniture>n. 家具, 帆具</a> |  | furniture | 4.81
<b>sleep</b> | sli:p | n. a natural and periodic state of rest during which consciousness of the world is suspended<br>n. a torpid state resembling deep sleep<br>n. a period of time spent sleeping<br>v. be asleep | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sleep>n. 睡眠, 静止, 昏迷, 麻木, 长眠, 冬眠<br>vi. 睡觉, 睡眠, 静止<br>vt. 睡</a> |  |  | 4.27
<b>rest</b> | rest | n. freedom from activity (work or strain or responsibility)<br>n. a state of inaction<br>n. euphemisms for death (based on an analogy between lying in a bed and in a tomb)<br>n. a support on which things can be put | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rest>n. 休息, 睡眠, 安息, 稍息, 静止, 支架, 休息处, 其余者, 剩余部分<br>vi. 休息, 睡, 长眠, 安心, 静止, 停止, 安置, 依赖<br>vt. 使休息, 使支撑, 把...寄托于</a> |  |  | 3.90
<b>relax</b> | ri'læks | v. become less tense, rest, or take one's ease<br>v. make less taut<br>v. cause to feel relaxed<br>v. become less tense, less formal, or less restrained, and assume a friendlier manner | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/relax>vi. 放松, 松懈, 松弛, 变从容, 休息, 休养<br>vt. 使松弛, 缓和, 使松懈, 使休息</a> |  |  | 5.01
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Earth>Earth</a> 
<font size=3>
Earth is the third planet from the Sun and the only place known in the universe where life has originated and found habitability. 　While large volumes of water can be found throughout the Solar System, only Earth sustains liquid surface water. 　Approximately 70.8% of Earth's surface is made up of the ocean, dwarfing Earth's polar ice, lakes, and rivers. 　The remaining 29.2% of Earth's surface is land, consisting of continents and islands. 　Earth's surface layer is formed of several slowly moving tectonic plates, which interact to produce mountain ranges, volcanoes, and earthquakes. 　Earth's liquid outer core generates the magnetic field that shapes the magnetosphere of Earth, deflecting destructive solar winds. 　The atmosphere of Earth consists mostly of nitrogen and oxygen. 　Greenhouse gases in the atmosphere like carbon dioxide (CO2) trap a part of the energy from the Sun close to the surface. 　Water vapor is widely present in the atmosphere and forms clouds that cover most of the planet. 　More solar energy is received by tropical regions than polar regions and is redistributed by atmospheric and ocean circulation. 　A region's climate is governed not only by latitude but also by elevation and proximity to moderating oceans. 　In most areas, severe weather, such as tropical cyclones, thunderstorms, and heat waves, occurs and greatly impacts life. 　Earth is an ellipsoid with a circumference of about 40,000 km. 　It is the densest planet in the Solar System. 　Of the four rocky planets, it is the largest and most massive. 　Earth is about eight light-minutes away from the Sun and orbits it, taking a year (about 365.25 days) to complete one revolution. 　The Earth rotates around its own axis in slightly less than a day (in about 23 hours and 56 minutes). 　The Earth's axis of rotation is tilted with respect to the perpendicular to its orbital plane around the Sun, producing seasons. 　Earth is orbited by one permanent natural satellite, the Moon, which orbits Earth at 384,400 km (1.28 light seconds) and is roughly a quarter as wide as Earth. 　Through tidal locking, the Moon always faces the Earth with the same side, which causes tides, stabilizes Earth's axis, and gradually slows its rotation. 　Earth, like most other bodies in the Solar System, formed 4.5 billion years ago from gas in the early Solar System. 　During the first billion years of Earth's history, the ocean formed and then life developed within it. 　Life spread globally and began to affect Earth's atmosphere and surface, leading to the Great Oxidation Event two billion years ago. 　Humans emerged 300,000 years ago, and have reached a population of 8 billion today. 　Humans depend on Earth's biosphere and natural resources for their survival, but have increasingly impacted the planet's environment. 　Humanity's current impact on Earth's climate and biosphere is unsustainable, threatening the livelihood of humans and many other life, causing widespread extinctions.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>planet</b> | 'plænit | n. (astronomy) any of the nine large celestial bodies in the solar system that revolve around the sun and shine by reflected light; Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune, and Pluto in order of their proximity to the sun; viewed from the constellation Hercules, all the planets rotate around the sun in a counterclockwise direction<br>n. any celestial body (other than comets or satellites) that revolves around a star | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/planet>n. 行星, 命运星辰, 杰出的人, 重大影响的事</a> |  |  | 4.44
<b>originated</b> | əˈridʒineitid | imp. & p. p. of Originate | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/originated>v. 起源于, 来自, 产生( originate的过去式和过去分词 ); 创造; 创始; 开创</a> |  | originate | 4.80
<b>habitability</b> | ,hæbitә'bilәti | n. suitability for living in or on | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/habitability>n. 可居住性, 适于居住</a> |  |  | 6.34
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert>Robert</a> 
<font size=3>
The name Robert is an ancient Germanic given name, from Proto-Germanic *Hrōþi- "fame" and *berhta- "bright" 　(Hrōþiberhtaz). 　Compare Old Dutch Robrecht and Old High German Hrodebert 　(a compound of Hruod 　(Old Norse: Hróðr) 　"fame, glory, honour, praise, renown" and berht "bright, light, shining"). 　It is the second most frequently used given name of ancient Germanic origin. 　It is also in use as a surname. 　Another commonly used form of the name is Rupert. 　After becoming widely used in Continental Europe it entered England in its Old French form Robert, where an Old English cognate form (Hrēodbēorht, Hrodberht, Hrēodbēorð, Hrœdbœrð, Hrœdberð, Hrōðberχtŕ) had existed before the Norman Conquest. 　The feminine version is Roberta. 　The Italian, Portuguese, and Spanish form is Roberto. 　Robert is also a common name in many Germanic languages, including English, German, Dutch, Norwegian, Swedish, Scots, Danish, and Icelandic. 　It can be used as a French, Polish, Irish, Finnish, Romanian, and Estonian name as well.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>Robert</b> | 'rɔbәt | n. United States parliamentary authority and author (in 1876) of Robert's Rules of Order (1837-1923) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert>[法] 警察</a> |  |  | 3.98
<b>Germanic</b> | dʒә:'mænik | n. a branch of the Indo-European family of languages; members that are spoken currently fall into two major groups: Scandinavian and West Germanic<br>a. of or relating to the language of Germans | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Germanic>a. 德国的, 日耳曼语的, 日耳曼人的<br>n. 日耳曼语</a> |  |  | 5.29
<b>fame</b> | feim | n. the state or quality of being widely honored and acclaimed<br>n. favorable public reputation | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fame>n. 名望, 名声, 传说</a> |  |  | 4.47
<b>bright</b> | brait | a. emitting or reflecting light readily or in large amounts<br>s. having striking color<br>s. characterized by quickness and ease in learning<br>s. having lots of light either natural or artificial | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bright>a. 明亮的, 聪明的, 鲜明的, 欢快的<br>adv. 明亮地, 欢快地</a> |  |  | 4.37
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kingdom_(biology)>Kingdom (biology)</a> 
<font size=3>
In biology, a kingdom is the second highest taxonomic rank, just below domain. 　Kingdoms are divided into smaller groups called phyla. 　Traditionally, some textbooks from the United States and Canada used a system of six kingdoms (Animalia, Plantae, Fungi, Protista, Archaea/Archaebacteria, and Bacteria/Eubacteria) while textbooks in Great Britain, India, Greece, Brazil and other countries use five kingdoms only (Animalia, Plantae, Fungi, Protista and Monera). 　Some recent classifications based on modern cladistics have explicitly abandoned the term kingdom, noting that some traditional kingdoms are not monophyletic, meaning that they do not consist of all the descendants of a common ancestor. 　The terms flora (for plants), fauna (for animals), and, in the 21st century, funga (for fungi) are also used for life present in a particular region or time.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>highest</b> | 'haiist | a greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount<br>a (literal meaning) being at or having a relatively great or specific elevation or upward extension (sometimes used in combinations like `knee-high')<br>s standing above others in quality or position<br>a used of sounds and voices; high in pitch or frequency<br>s happy and excited and energetic<br>s (used of the smell of meat) smelling spoiled or tainted<br>s slightly and pleasantly intoxicated from alcohol or a drug (especially marijuana) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/highest>[计] 最高</a> |  | high | 4.13
<b>domain</b> | dәu'mein | n. territory over which rule or control is exercised<br>n. (mathematics) the set of values of the independent variable for which a function is defined | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/domain>n. 领域, 领土, 产业, 范围<br>[计] 域, 区域, 支配命令</a> | dom1, domin |  | 4.31
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russian>Russian</a> 
<font size=3>
Look up Russian in Wiktionary, the free dictionary. 　Russian(s) refers to anything related to Russia, including: Russians (русские, russkiye), an ethnic group of the East Slavic peoples, primarily living in Russia and neighboring countries Rossiyane (россияне), Russian language term for all citizens and people of Russia, regardless of ethnicity Russophone, Russian-speaking person (русскоговорящий, русскоязычный, russkogovoryashchy, russkoyazychny) Russian language, the most widely spoken of the Slavic languages Russian alphabet Russian cuisine Russian culture Russian studies Russian may also refer to: Russian dressing The Russians, a book by Hedrick Smith Russian (comics), fictional Marvel Comics supervillain from The Punisher series Russian (solitaire), a card game "Russians" (song), from the album The Dream of the Blue Turtles by Sting "Russian", from the album Tubular Bells 2003 by Mike Oldfield "Russian", from the album <|°_°|> by Caravan Palace Nik Russian, the perpetrator of a con committed in 2002 The South African name for a variety of Kielbasa sausage Something related to Ruthenia Ruthenians Ruthenian language Something related to the Russian Empire or Soviet Union Soviet people East Slavs All-Russian nation
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>Russian</b> | 'rʌʃәn | n. a native or inhabitant of Russia<br>n. the Slavic language that is the official language of Russia<br>a. of or pertaining to or characteristic of Russia or its people or culture or language | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russian>n. 俄国人, 俄语<br>a. 俄国的, 俄语的</a> |  |  | 3.99
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Academy>Academy</a> 
<font size=3>
An academy (Attic Greek: Ἀκαδήμεια; Koine Greek Ἀκαδημία) is an institution of secondary or tertiary higher learning (and generally also research or honorary membership). 　The name traces back to Plato's school of philosophy, founded approximately 385 BC at Akademia, a sanctuary of Athena, the goddess of wisdom and skill, north of Athens, Greece.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>academy</b> | ә'kædәmi | n. a secondary school (usually private)<br>n. an institution for the advancement of art or science or literature<br>n. a school for special training<br>n. a learned establishment for the advancement of knowledge | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/academy>n. 学院, 院校, 学会</a> |  |  | 3.99
<b>attic</b> | 'ætik | n. the dialect of Ancient Greek spoken and written in Attica and Athens and Ionia<br>n. informal terms for a human head<br>n. (architecture) a low wall at the top of the entablature; hides the roof<br>a. of or relating to Attica or its inhabitants or to the dialect spoken in Athens in classical times | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/attic>n. 阁楼, 顶楼<br>[医] 鼓室上隐窝</a> |  |  | 5.35
<b>koine</b> | 'kɒini: | n. a Greek dialect that flourished under the Roman Empire | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/koine>n. 古希腊共通语</a> |  |  | 6.30
<b>honorary</b> | 'ɒnәrәri | s. given as an honor without the normal duties | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/honorary>a. 荣誉的, 无报酬的, 道义上的<br>[法] 名誉的, 荣誉的</a> | -ary1 |  | 4.63
<b>membership</b> | 'membәʃip | n. the body of members of an organization or group<br>n. the state of being a member | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/membership>n. 会员的资格, 全体会员, 会员数目<br>[法] 会员资格, 成员资格, 会籍</a> |  |  | 4.59
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brown>Brown</a> 
<font size=3>
Brown is a color. 　It can be considered a composite color, but it is mainly a darker shade of orange. 　In the CMYK color model used in printing and painting, brown is usually made by combining the colors orange and black. 　In the RGB color model used to project colors onto television screens and computer monitors, brown combines red and green. 　The color brown is seen widely in nature, wood, soil, human hair color, eye color and skin pigmentation. 　Brown is the color of dark wood or rich soil. 　According to public opinion surveys in Europe and the United States, brown is the least favorite color of the public; it is often associated with plainness, the rustic, feces, and poverty, although it does also have positive associations include baking, warmth, wildlife, and the autumn.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>brown</b> | braun | n. an orange of low brightness and saturation<br>n. Scottish botanist who first observed the movement of small particles in fluids now known a Brownian motion (1773-1858)<br>n. abolitionist who was hanged after leading an unsuccessful raid at Harper's Ferry, Virginia (1800-1859)<br>v. fry in a pan until it changes color | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brown>n. 褐色<br>a. 褐色的<br>v. (使)变褐色</a> |  |  | 3.99
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Washington>Washington</a> 
<font size=3>
Look up Washington in Wiktionary, the free dictionary. 　Washington most commonly refers to: Washington (state), United States Washington, D.C., the capital of the United States A metonym for the federal government of the United States Washington metropolitan area, the metropolitan area centered on Washington, D.C. George Washington (1732–1799), the first president of the United States Washington may also refer to:
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>Washington</b> | 'wɒʃiŋtn | n. the capital of the United States in the District of Columbia and a tourist mecca; George Washington commissioned Charles L'Enfant to lay out the city in 1791<br>n. a state in northwestern United States on the Pacific<br>n. 1st President of the United States; commander-in-chief of the Continental Army during the American Revolution (1732-1799) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Washington>n. 华盛顿</a> |  |  | 3.99
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Complex_(geology)>Complex (geology)</a> 
<font size=3>
In geology, a complex is a lithodemic unit consisting of two or more lithodemes of more than one genetic class (metamorphic, igneous or sedimentary). 　The law of superposition is inapplicable to intrusive, highly deformed, or metamorphic bodies of rock lacking discernible stratification. 　Such bodies of rock are described as lithodemic and are determined and delimited based on rock characteristics. 　The 1983 North American Stratigraphic Code adopted the formal term lithodeme, which is comparable to a formation. 　A lithodeme is the fundamental unit and should possess distinctive and consistent lithological features, comprising a single rock type or a mixture of two or more types that distinguishes the unit from those around it. 　A complex is a group of two or more lithodemes of more than one genetic classes. 　It differs from a suite, which is a group of two or more lithodemes of the same genetic class.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>genetic</b> | dʒi'netik | a. pertaining to or referring to origin<br>a. of or relating to the science of genetics | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genetic>a. 创始的, 遗传的, 起源的, 遗传学的<br>[医] 生殖的, 遗传的</a> | gen, gener |  | 4.73
<b>metamorphic</b> | .metә'mɒ:fik | a. of or relating to metamorphosis (especially of rocks)<br>a. characterized by metamorphosis or change in physical form or substance | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/metamorphic>a. 变化的, 变性的, 变态的<br>[医] 变态的</a> |  |  | 6.01
<b>igneous</b> | 'igniәs | a. produced under conditions involving intense heat; especially from molten magma"<br>a. produced by the action of fire or intense heat | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/igneous>a. 火的, 似火的, 火成的</a> |  |  | 5.94
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Complex>Complex</a> 
<font size=3>
Look up complex or complexes in Wiktionary, the free dictionary. 　Complex commonly refers to: Complexity, the behaviour of a system whose components interact in multiple ways so possible interactions are difficult to describe Complex system, a system composed of many components which may interact with each other Complex (psychology), a core pattern of emotions etc. in the personal unconscious organized around a common theme such as power or status Complex may also refer to:
</font>

<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Size>Size</a> 
<font size=3>
Size in general is the magnitude or dimensions of a thing. 　More specifically, geometrical size (or spatial size) can refer to linear dimensions (length, width, height, diameter, perimeter), area, or volume. 　Size can also be measured in terms of mass, especially when assuming a density range. 　In mathematical terms, "size is a concept abstracted from the process of measuring by comparing a longer to a shorter". 　Size is determined by the process of comparing or measuring objects, which results in the determination of the magnitude of a quantity, such as length or mass, relative to a unit of measurement. 　Such a magnitude is usually expressed as a numerical value of units on a previously established spatial scale, such as meters or inches. 　The sizes with which humans tend to be most familiar are body dimensions (measures of anthropometry), which include measures such as human height and human body weight. 　These measures can, in the aggregate, allow the generation of commercially useful distributions of products that accommodate expected body sizes, as with the creation of clothing sizes and shoe sizes, and with the standardization of door frame dimensions, ceiling heights, and bed sizes. 　The human experience of size can lead to a psychological tendency towards size bias, wherein the relative importance or perceived complexity of organisms and other objects is judged based on their size relative to humans, and particularly whether this size makes them easy to observe without aid.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>magnitude</b> | 'mægnitju:d | n. the property of relative size or extent (whether large or small)<br>n. relative importance | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/magnitude>n. 巨大, 重大, 重要, 大小, 数量, 星等(指星的亮度)<br>[计] 大小; 值</a> | magn, magna, magni, maj |  | 4.64
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bank>Bank</a> 
<font size=3>
A bank is a financial institution that accepts deposits from the public and creates a demand deposit while simultaneously making loans. 　Lending activities can be directly performed by the bank or indirectly through capital markets. 　Because banks play an important role in financial stability and the economy of a country, most jurisdictions exercise a high degree of regulation over banks. 　Most countries have institutionalized a system known as fractional reserve banking, under which banks hold liquid assets equal to only a portion of their current liabilities. 　In addition to other regulations intended to ensure liquidity, banks are generally subject to minimum capital requirements based on an international set of capital standards, the Basel Accords. 　Banking in its modern sense evolved in the fourteenth century in the prosperous cities of Renaissance Italy but in many ways functioned as a continuation of ideas and concepts of credit and lending that had their roots in the ancient world. 　In the history of banking, a number of banking dynasties – notably, the Medicis, the Fuggers, the Welsers, the Berenbergs, and the Rothschilds – have played a central role over many centuries. 　The oldest existing retail bank is Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena (founded in 1472), while the oldest existing merchant bank is Berenberg Bank (founded in 1590).
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>bank</b> | bæŋk | n. sloping land (especially the slope beside a body of water)<br>n. a long ridge or pile<br>n. an arrangement of similar objects in a row or in tiers<br>n. a supply or stock held in reserve for future use (especially in emergencies) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bank>n. 银行, 堤, 岸<br>[医] 库</a> |  |  | 3.99
<b>demand</b> | di'mɑ:nd | n. an urgent or peremptory request<br>n. the ability and desire to purchase goods and services<br>n. the act of demanding<br>v. request urgently and forcefully | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demand>n. 要求, 需求, 需要<br>v. 要求, 查询</a> | mand |  | 4.45
<b>simultaneously</b> | simәl'teiniәsly; (?@) saim- | r. at the same instant | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/simultaneously>adv. 同时发生, 一齐, 同时, 同时存在</a> |  |  | 4.62
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quickly>Quickly</a> 
<font size=3>
Quickly (Chinese: 快可立; pinyin: Kuàikělì) is a tapioca milk tea franchise, with over 2000 locations in Africa, Asia, Europe and North America. 　Quickly is the brand name of Kuai Ke Li Enterprise Co. 　Ltd., which was founded by Nancy Yang in Taiwan and started franchising. 　Quickly was founded in California in 1996 and started its trademark licensing program at the same time. 　Quickly began marketing themselves as a New Generation Asian Fusion-style cafe in the United States, as opposed to just a tapioca drink shop. 　Most locations offer free Wi-Fi internet access. 　On May 17, 2008, Quickly officially launched their new age non-fat tart frozen yogurt at the SingTao Asian Expo. 　The frozen yogurt became available at their key locations the following week. 　In March 2010, Quickly officially launched their Hong Kong style egg puff (Chinese: 雞蛋仔; pinyin: JiDanZai) which became available at all their locations in Northern California. 　Quickly stores in San Francisco became the center of former Supervisor Ed Jew's extortion controversy, where he solicited bribes estimated at $84,000. 　The corporate motto of Quickly Group USA is "Just Use It! "
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>quickly</b> | 'kwikli | r. with rapid movements | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/quickly>adv. 很快地</a> |  |  | 3.99
<b>tapioca</b> | .tæpi'әukә | n. granular preparation of cassava starch used to thicken especially puddings | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tapioca>n. 木薯淀粉<br>[化] 木薯淀粉</a> |  |  | 6.53
<b>milk</b> | milk | n. a white nutritious liquid secreted by mammals and used as food by human beings<br>n. produced by mammary glands of female mammals for feeding their young<br>n. a river that rises in the Rockies in northwestern Montana and flows eastward to become a tributary of the Missouri River<br>n. any of several nutritive milklike liquids | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/milk>n. 奶, 乳状物<br>vt. 挤乳, 榨取<br>vi. 产乳</a> |  |  | 4.70
<b>tea</b> | ti: | n. a beverage made by steeping tea leaves in water<br>n. a light midafternoon meal of tea and sandwiches or cakes<br>n. a tropical evergreen shrub or small tree extensively cultivated in e.g. China and Japan and India; source of tea leaves<br>n. a reception or party at which tea is served | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tea>n. 茶, 茶叶<br>[医] 茶, 茶剂, 浸剂</a> |  |  | 4.61
<b>franchise</b> | 'fræntʃaiz | n. an authorization to sell a company's goods or services in a particular place<br>n. a business established or operated under an authorization to sell or distribute a company's goods or services in a particular area<br>n. a statutory right or privilege granted to a person or group by a government (especially the rights of citizenship and the right to vote)<br>v. grant a franchise to | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franchise>n. 公民权, 特权, 特许经营权, 免赔额<br>vt. 给以特权, 给以...公民权</a> |  |  | 4.65
<b>Africa</b> | 'æfrikә | n. the second largest continent; located to the south of Europe and bordered to the west by the South Atlantic and to the east by the Indian Ocean | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Africa>n. 非洲</a> |  |  | 4.06
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles>Charles</a> 
<font size=3>
Charles is a masculine given name predominantly found in English and French speaking countries. 　It is from the French form Charles of the Proto-Germanic name ᚲᚨᚱᛁᛚᚨᛉ (in runic alphabet) or *karilaz (in Latin alphabet), whose meaning was "free man". 　The Old English descendant of this word was Ċearl or Ċeorl, as the name of King Cearl of Mercia, that disappeared after the Norman conquest of England. 　The name was notably borne by Charlemagne (Charles the Great), and was at the time Latinized as Karolus (as in Vita Karoli Magni), later also as Carolus. 　Some Germanic languages, for example Dutch and German, have retained the word in two separate senses. 　In the particular case of Dutch, Karel refers to the given name, whereas the noun kerel means "a bloke, fellow, man".
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>charles</b> | tʃɑ:lz | n. King of France from 1560 to 1574 whose reign was dominated by his mother Catherine de Medicis (1550-1574)<br>n. King of France who began his reign with most of northern France under English control; after the intervention of Jeanne d'Arc the French were able to defeat the English and end the Hundred Years' War (1403-1461)<br>n. as Charles II he was Holy Roman Emperor and as Charles I he was king of France (823-877) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/charles>n. 查尔斯（人名）</a> |  | charle | 3.99
<b>masculine</b> | 'mæskjulin | n. a gender that refers chiefly (but not exclusively) to males or to objects classified as male<br>a. of grammatical gender<br>a. associated with men and not with women<br>s. (music or poetry) ending on an accented beat or syllable | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/masculine>n. 阳性, 男性<br>a. 男性的, 阳性的, 有丈夫气的</a> |  |  | 5.19
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Technology>Technology</a> 
<font size=3>
Technology is the application of knowledge for achieving practical goals in a reproducible way. 　The word technology can also mean the products resulting from such efforts,: 117  including both tangible tools such as utensils or machines, and intangible ones such as software. 　Technology plays a critical role in science, engineering, and everyday life. 　Technological advancements have led to significant changes in society. 　The earliest known technology is the stone tool, used during prehistoric times, followed by the control of fire, which contributed to the growth of the human brain and the development of language during the Ice Age. 　The invention of the wheel in the Bronze Age allowed greater travel and the creation of more complex machines. 　More recent technological inventions, including the printing press, telephone, and the Internet, have lowered barriers to communication and ushered in the knowledge economy. 　While technology contributes to economic development and improve human prosperity, it can also have negative impacts like pollution or resource depletion, or may cause social harms like technological unemployment resulting from automation. 　As a result, there are ongoing philosophical and political debates about the role and use of technology, the ethics of technology, and ways to mitigate potential downsides.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>application</b> | .æpli'keiʃәn | n. the act of bringing something to bear; using it for a particular purpose<br>n. a verbal or written request for assistance or employment or admission to a school<br>n. the work of applying something; <br>n. a program that gives a computer instructions that provide the user with tools to accomplish a task | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/application>n. 应用, 申请, 志愿书, 应用程序<br>[计] 应用, 应用程序</a> |  |  | 4.21
<b>reproducible</b> | .ri:prә'dju:sәbl | a. capable of being reproduced | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reproducible>a. 可再生的, 可复写的, 能繁殖的</a> |  |  | 6.10
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Base_(topology)>Base (topology)</a> 
<font size=3>
In mathematics, a base (or basis) for the topology τ of a topological space (X, τ) is a family B {\displaystyle {\mathcal {B}}} of open subsets of X such that every open set of the topology is equal to the union of some sub-family of B {\displaystyle {\mathcal {B}}} . 　For example, the set of all open intervals in the real number line R {\displaystyle \mathbb {R} } is a basis for the Euclidean topology on R {\displaystyle \mathbb {R} } because every open interval is an open set, and also every open subset of R {\displaystyle \mathbb {R} } can be written as a union of some family of open intervals. 　Bases are ubiquitous throughout topology. 　The sets in a base for a topology, which are called basic open sets, are often easier to describe and use than arbitrary open sets. 　Many important topological definitions such as continuity and convergence can be checked using only basic open sets instead of arbitrary open sets. 　Some topologies have a base of open sets with specific useful properties that may make checking such topological definitions easier. 　Not all families of subsets of a set X {\displaystyle X} form a base for a topology on X {\displaystyle X} . 　Under some conditions detailed below, a family of subsets will form a base for a (unique) topology on X {\displaystyle X} , obtained by taking all possible unions of subfamilies. 　Such families of sets are very frequently used to define topologies. 　A weaker notion related to bases is that of a subbase for a topology. 　Bases for topologies are also closely related to neighborhood bases.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>base</b> | beis | n. installation from which a military force initiates operations<br>n. a place that the runner must touch before scoring<br>n. the bottom or lowest part<br>n. (anatomy) the part of an organ nearest its point of attachment | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/base>n. 底部, 垒, 基础, 基地<br>vt. 以...作基础<br>a. 卑鄙的, 低劣的<br>[计] 基准</a> |  |  | 4.00
<b>basis</b> | 'beisis | n. the fundamental assumptions from which something is begun or developed or calculated or explained<br>n. the most important or necessary part of something | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/basis>n. 基础, 主要成分<br>[化] 基底</a> |  |  | 4.19
<b>x</b> | eks | n. the 24th letter of the Roman alphabet | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/x>n. 未知数<br>[计] 交换, 变址, 索引, 传输</a> |  |  | 3.73
<b>subsets</b> | 'sʌbsets | n. a set whose members are members of another set; a set contained within another set | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/subsets>n. 子集( subset的复数形式 )</a> |  | subset | 5.39
<b>union</b> | 'ju:njәn | n. an organization of employees formed to bargain with the employer<br>n. the United States (especially the northern states during the American Civil War)<br>n. the state of being joined or united or linked<br>n. healing process involving the growing together of the edges of a wound or the growing together of broken bones | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/union>n. 联盟, 联合, 结合, 工会<br>[化] 联合; 联管节; 活接头</a> | uni |  | 3.79
</font>
<br>



