## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Test_(biology)>Test (biology)</a> 
<font size=3>
In biology, a test is the hard shell of some spherical marine animals and protists, notably sea urchins and microorganisms such as testate foraminiferans, radiolarians, and testate amoebae. 　The term is also applied to the covering of scale insects. 　The related Latin term testa is used for the hard seed coat of plant seeds.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>test</b> | test | n. any standardized procedure for measuring sensitivity or memory or intelligence or aptitude or personality etc<br>n. the act of undergoing testing<br>n. the act of testing something<br>n. a hard outer covering as of some amoebas and sea urchins | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/test>n. 测试, 试验, 化验, 检验, 考验, 甲壳<br>vt. 测试, 试验, 化验<br>vi. 接受测验, 进行测试</a> |  |  | 4.02
<b>shell</b> | ʃel | n. ammunition consisting of a cylindrical metal casing containing an explosive charge and a projectile; fired from a large gun<br>n. the material that forms the hard outer covering of many animals<br>n. the hard usually fibrous outer layer of some fruits especially nuts<br>n. the exterior covering of a bird's egg | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shell>n. 贝壳, 壳, 外形, 炮弹<br>vt. 去壳, 脱落, 炮轰<br>vi. 剥落, 脱壳<br>[计] 外壳; DOS内部命令:指定命令行处理程序</a> |  |  | 4.51
<b>spherical</b> | 'sferikl | a. of or relating to spheres or resembling a sphere | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spherical>a. 球的, 球面的, 球状的, 天体的<br>[医] 球形的, 球状的</a> |  |  | 4.99
<b>marine</b> | mә'ri:n | n. a member of the United States Marine Corps<br>n. a soldier who serves both on shipboard and on land<br>a. of or relating to the sea<br>a. of or relating to military personnel who serve both on land and at sea (specifically the U.S. Marine Corps) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marine>n. 舰队, 水兵, 海景画<br>a. 海的, 海产的, 海底的, 船舶的, 海运的</a> | mar, mari |  | 4.28
<b>notably</b> | 'nәjtbәli | r. especially; in particular | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/notably>adv. 显著地, 著名地, 尤其, 特别</a> |  |  | 4.57
<b>urchins</b> | ˈɜ:tʃɪnz | n. poor and often mischievous city child | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/urchins>n. 顽童( urchin的复数形式 ); 淘气鬼; <主英><动>猬; <动>海胆</a> |  | urchin | 6.27
<b>testate</b> | 'testeit | a. having made a legally valid will before death | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/testate>a. 留有遗嘱的<br>n. 留有遗嘱的死者, 立遗嘱之人</a> |  |  | 10.00
<b>amoebae</b> | ә'mi:bi: | n naked freshwater or marine or parasitic protozoa that form temporary pseudopods for feeding and locomotion | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amoebae>pl. 阿米巴, 变形虫</a> |  | amoeba | 10.00
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Japan>Japan</a> 
<font size=3>
Japan (Japanese: 日本, Nippon or Nihon, and formally 日本国, Nihonkoku) is an island country in East Asia. 　It is situated in the northwest Pacific Ocean and is bordered on the west by the Sea of Japan, extending from the Sea of Okhotsk in the north toward the East China Sea, Philippine Sea, and Taiwan in the south. 　Japan is a part of the Ring of Fire, and spans an archipelago of 6852 islands covering 377,975 square kilometers (145,937 sq mi); the five main islands are Hokkaido, Honshu (the "mainland"), Shikoku, Kyushu, and Okinawa. 　Tokyo is the nation's capital and largest city, followed by Yokohama, Osaka, Nagoya, Sapporo, Fukuoka, Kobe, and Kyoto. 　Japan is the eleventh most populous country in the world, as well as one of the most densely populated and urbanized. 　About three-fourths of the country's terrain is mountainous, concentrating its population of almost 125 million on narrow coastal plains. 　Japan is divided into 47 administrative prefectures and eight traditional regions. 　The Greater Tokyo Area is the most populous metropolitan area in the world, with more than 37.2 million residents. 　Japan has been inhabited since the Upper Paleolithic period (30,000 BC), though the first written mention of the archipelago appears in a Chinese chronicle (the Book of Han) finished in the 2nd century AD. 　Between the 4th and 9th centuries, the kingdoms of Japan became unified under an emperor and the imperial court based in Heian-kyō. 　Beginning in the 12th century, political power was held by a series of military dictators (shōgun) and feudal lords (daimyō) and enforced by a class of warrior nobility (samurai). 　After a century-long period of civil war, the country was reunified in 1603 under the Tokugawa shogunate, which enacted an isolationist foreign policy. 　In 1854, a United States fleet forced Japan to open trade to the West, which led to the end of the shogunate and the restoration of imperial power in 1868. 　In the Meiji period, the Empire of Japan adopted a Western-modeled constitution and pursued a program of industrialization and modernization. 　Amidst a rise in militarism and overseas colonization, Japan invaded China in 1937 and entered World War II as an Axis power in 1941. 　After suffering defeat in the Pacific War and two atomic bombings, Japan surrendered in 1945 and came under a seven-year Allied occupation, during which it adopted a new constitution and began a military alliance with the United States. 　Under the 1947 constitution, Japan has maintained a unitary parliamentary constitutional monarchy with a bicameral legislature, the National Diet. 　Japan is a developed country and a great power. 　It is a member of numerous international organizations, including the United Nations, G20, OECD, and the Group of Seven. 　Its economy is the world's third-largest by nominal GDP and the fourth-largest by PPP, with its per capita income ranking at 36th highest in the world. 　Although Japan has renounced its right to declare war, the country maintains Self-Defense Forces that rank as one of the world's strongest militaries. 　After World War II, Japan experienced record growth in an economic miracle, becoming the second-largest economy in the world by 1972 but has stagnated since 1995 in what is referred to as the Lost Decades. 　Japan has the world's highest life expectancy, though it is experiencing a population decline. 　A global leader in the automotive, robotics and electronics industries, the country has made significant contributions to science and technology. 　The culture of Japan is well known around the world, including its art, cuisine, film, music, and popular culture, which encompasses prominent manga, anime and video game industries.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>Japan</b> | dʒә'pæn | n. a string of more than 3,000 islands to the east of Asia extending 1,300 miles between the Sea of Japan and the western Pacific Ocean<br>n. a constitutional monarchy occupying the Japanese Archipelago; a world leader in electronics and automobile manufacture and ship building<br>n. lacquerware decorated and varnished in the Japanese manner with a glossy durable black lacquer | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Japan>n. 日本<br>[化] 天然漆; 大漆; 漆器</a> |  |  | 4.03
<b>Japanese</b> | .dʒæpә'ni:z | n. a native or inhabitant of Japan<br>n. the language (usually considered to be Altaic) spoken by the Japanese<br>a. of or relating to or characteristic of Japan or its people or their culture or language | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Japanese>n. 日本人, 日语<br>a. 日本的, 日语的</a> |  | japanese | 3.98
<b>nippon</b> | ni'pɔn, 'nip- | n a constitutional monarchy occupying the Japanese Archipelago; a world leader in electronics and automobile manufacture and ship building | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nippon>n. 日本（等于Japan）</a> |  |  | 5.56
<b>Nihon</b> | 'ni:'hɔn | n a constitutional monarchy occupying the Japanese Archipelago; a world leader in electronics and automobile manufacture and ship building | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nihon><日>=Japan</a> |  |  | 6.00
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Distribution_(pharmacology)>Distribution (pharmacology)</a> 
<font size=3>
Distribution in pharmacology is a branch of pharmacokinetics which describes the reversible transfer of a drug from one location to another within the body. 　Once a drug enters into systemic circulation by absorption or direct administration, it must be distributed into interstitial and intracellular fluids. 　Each organ or tissue can receive different doses of the drug and the drug can remain in the different organs or tissues for a varying amount of time. 　The distribution of a drug between tissues is dependent on vascular permeability, regional blood flow, cardiac output and perfusion rate of the tissue and the ability of the drug to bind tissue and plasma proteins and its lipid solubility. 　pH partition plays a major role as well. 　The drug is easily distributed in highly perfused organs such as the liver, heart and kidney. 　It is distributed in small quantities through less perfused tissues like muscle, fat and peripheral organs. 　The drug can be moved from the plasma to the tissue until the equilibrium is established (for unbound drug present in plasma). 　The concept of compartmentalization of an organism must be considered when discussing a drug’s distribution. 　This concept is used in pharmacokinetic modelling.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>pharmacology</b> | .fɑ:mә'kɒlәdʒi | n. the science or study of drugs: their preparation and properties and uses and effects | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pharmacology>n. 药理学, 药物学<br>[化] 药理学</a> | -logy, -ology |  | 5.88
<b>pharmacokinetics</b> | ,fɑ:mәkәu,kai'netiks | n. the study of the action of drugs in the body: method and rate of excretion; duration of effect; etc. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pharmacokinetics>[化] 药动学</a> |  | pharmacokinetic | 6.69
<b>reversible</b> | ri'vә:sәbl | n. a garment (especially a coat) that can be worn inside out (with either side of the cloth showing)<br>a. capable of reversing or being reversed<br>a. capable of being reversed or used with either side out | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reversible>a. 可逆的, 可撤消的<br>n. 双面可用织物</a> | re- |  | 5.51
<b>transfer</b> | træns'fә: | n. someone who transfers or is transferred from one position to another<br>n. the act of transfering something from one form to another<br>n. a ticket that allows a passenger to change conveyances<br>n. application of a skill learned in one situation to a different but similar situation | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transfer>n. 迁移, 移动, 传递, 转让, 转移, 过户, 汇兑, 换车<br>vt. 使转移, 调转, 调任, 改变, 传递, 转让<br>vi. 转移, 转学, 转职, 换车<br>[计] 传送</a> | fer, lat2, -late |  | 4.27
<b>drug</b> | drʌg | n. a substance that is used as a medicine or narcotic<br>v. administer a drug to<br>v. use recreational drugs | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/drug>n. 药, 麻药, 麻醉药<br>vi. 吸毒<br>vt. 使服麻醉药, 使麻木</a> |  |  | 4.36
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secretary>Secretary</a> 
<font size=3>
A secretary, administrative assistant, executive assistant, program assistant, personal secretary, or other similarly titled person is a person whose work consists of supporting management, including executives, using a variety of project management, program evaluation, communication, and/or organizational skills within the area of administration. 　There is a diverse array of work experiences attainable within the administrative support field, ranging between internship, entry-level, associate, junior, mid-senior, and senior level pay bands with positions in nearly every industry, especially among white-collar careers. 　However, this role should not be confused with the role of an executive secretary, cabinet secretary such as cabinet members who hold the title of "secretary," or company secretary, all which differ from an administrative assistant. 　The functions of a personal assistant may be entirely carried out to assist one other employee or may be for the benefit of more than one. 　In other situations, a secretary is an officer of a society or organization who deals with correspondence, admits new members, and organizes official meetings and events. 　Some high-level secretaries, administrative assistants, or executive assistants in the associate, junior, mid-senior, and senior level pay bands or those in an entry-level position that requires specialized knowledge preferably or explicitly acquired through a bachelor's degree (e.g. BA, BS, BBA), a master's degree (e.g. MA, MS, MBA, MPP, MPA, MPH, MLIS), or even a doctoral degree (e.g. JD), in a field pertinent to the organization's industry are specialized secretaries who generally assist senior executives and/or actively participate in the work of the organization such has having a hands-on involvement on the production of deliverables. 　Some other positions such as legislative assistants, paralegals, judicial law clerks, clerks of the court, medical assistants, and medical scribes that require bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degrees to practice, have taken up duties identical to that of specialized secretaries and vice versa where specialized secretaries have taken up some of the research and recordkeeping tasks of executives they assist such as working on deliverables or conduct similar professional duties.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>secretary</b> | 'sekrәtәri | n. a person who is head of an administrative department of government<br>n. an assistant who handles correspondence and clerical work for a boss or an organization<br>n. a desk used for writing | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/secretary>n. 秘书, 书记, 大臣<br>[经] 秘书</a> | -ary2 |  | 4.03
<b>assistant</b> | ә'sistәnt | n. a person who contributes to the fulfillment of a need or furtherance of an effort or purpose | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/assistant>n. 助手, 助理, 助教<br>a. 有帮助的, 辅助的, 助理的</a> |  |  | 4.18
<b>executive</b> | ig'zekjutiv | n. a person responsible for the administration of a business<br>n. persons who administer the law<br>a. having the function of carrying out plans or orders etc. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/executive>n. 执行部门, 执行委员会, 执行者, 经理主管人员<br>a. 执行的, 善于执行的, 善于经营的<br>[计] 执行程序</a> |  |  | 4.09
<b>program</b> | 'prәugræm | n. a system of projects or services intended to meet a public need<br>n. an announcement of the events that will occur as part of a theatrical or sporting event<br>n. (computer science) a sequence of instructions that a computer can interpret and execute<br>n. a performance (or series of performances) at a public presentation | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/program>n. 节目, 节目单, 程序, 纲要, 大纲, 计划<br>vt. 规划, 拟...计划<br>vi. 安排节目, 编程序<br>[计] 程序</a> | pro-2 |  | 3.80
<b>personal</b> | 'pә:snl | n. a short newspaper article about a particular person or group<br>a. concerning or affecting a particular person or his or her private life and personality<br>s. particular to a given individual<br>a. of or arising from personality | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/personal>a. 私人的, 涉及隐私的, 有人性的, 人称的, 亲自的, 身体的<br>[医] 人的; 个人的, 自身的</a> | -al2, -ial, -ual |  | 4.09
<b>similarly</b> | 'similәli | r. in like or similar manner | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/similarly>adv. 相像地, 类似于</a> |  |  | 4.64
<b>titled</b> | 'taitld | v give a title to<br>v designate by an identifying term<br>s belonging to the peerage | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/titled>a. 有头衔的<br>[法] 有官衔的, 有爵位的</a> |  | title | 4.36
<b>supporting</b> | sә'pɔ:tiŋ | n the act of bearing the weight of or strengthening<br>v give moral or psychological support, aid, or courage to<br>v support materially or financially<br>v be behind; approve of<br>v be the physical support of; carry the weight of<br>v establish or strengthen as with new evidence or facts<br>v adopt as a belief<br>v support with evidence or authority or make more certain or confirm<br>v argue or speak in defense of<br>v play a subordinate role to (another performer)<br>v be a regular customer or client of<br>v put up with something or somebody unpleasant<br>s furnishing support and encouragement<br>s capable of bearing a structural load | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/supporting>a. 次要的；支持的；辅助性的</a> |  | support | 4.40
<b>organizational</b> | .ɒ:gәnai'zeiʃәnәl | a. of or relating to an organization | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/organizational>a. 组织的<br>[法] 组织的, 编制的, 机构的</a> |  |  | 5.21
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Potential>Potential</a> 
<font size=3>
Potential generally refers to a currently unrealized ability. 　The term is used in a wide variety of fields, from physics to the social sciences to indicate things that are in a state where they are able to change in ways ranging from the simple release of energy by objects to the realization of abilities in people. 　The philosopher Aristotle incorporated this concept into his theory of potentiality and actuality, a pair of closely connected principles which he used to analyze motion, causality, ethics, and physiology in his Physics, Metaphysics, Nicomachean Ethics, and De Anima, which is about the human psyche. 　That which is potential can theoretically be made actual by taking the right action; for example, a boulder on the edge of a cliff has potential to fall that could be actualized by pushing it over the edge. 　Several languages have a potential mood, a grammatical construction that indicates that something is potential. 　These include Finnish, Japanese, and Sanskrit. 　In physics, a potential may refer to the scalar potential or to the vector potential. 　In either case, it is a field defined in space, from which many important physical properties may be derived. 　Leading examples are the gravitational potential and the electric potential, from which the motion of gravitating or electrically charged bodies may be obtained. 　Specific forces have associated potentials, including the Coulomb potential, the van der Waals potential, the Lennard-Jones potential and the Yukawa potential. 　In electrochemistry there are Galvani potential, Volta potential, electrode potential, and standard electrode potential. 　In the thermodynamics, the term potential often refers to thermodynamic potential.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>currently</b> | 'kʌrәntli | r at this time or period; now | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/currently>adv. 现在, 当前, 一般, 普通<br>[计] 当前</a> |  |  | 3.98
<b>unrealized</b> | ˌʌnˈri:əlaɪzd | s of persons; marked by failure to realize full potentialities | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unrealized>a. 没有实现的, 没能实现的; 未实现</a> |  |  | 6.61
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trade>Trade</a> 
<font size=3>
Trade involves the transfer of goods and services from one person or entity to another, often in exchange for money. 　Economists refer to a system or network that allows trade as a market. 　An early form of trade, barter, saw the direct exchange of goods and services for other goods and services, i.e. trading things without the use of money. 　Modern traders generally negotiate through a medium of exchange, such as money. 　As a result, buying can be separated from selling, or earning. 　The invention of money (and letter of credit, paper money, and non-physical money) greatly simplified and promoted trade. 　Trade between two traders is called bilateral trade, while trade involving more than two traders is called multilateral trade. 　In one modern view, trade exists due to specialization and the division of labour, a predominant form of economic activity in which individuals and groups concentrate on a small aspect of production, but use their output in trades for other products and needs. 　Trade exists between regions because different regions may have a comparative advantage (perceived or real) in the production of some trade-able commodity—including production of natural resources scarce or limited elsewhere. 　For example: different regions' sizes may encourage mass production. 　In such circumstances, trade at market prices between locations can benefit both locations. 　Different types of traders may specialize in trading different kinds of goods; for example, the spice trade and grain trade have both historically been important in the development of a global, international economy. 　Retail trade consists of the sale of goods or merchandise from a very fixed location (such as a department store, boutique or kiosk), online or by mail, in small or individual lots for direct consumption or use by the purchaser. 　Wholesale trade is traffic in goods that are sold as merchandise to retailers, or to industrial, commercial, institutional, or other professional business users, or to other wholesalers and related subordinated services. 　Historically, openness to free trade substantially increased in some areas from 1815 to the outbreak of World War I in 1914. 　Trade openness increased again during the 1920s but collapsed (in particular in Europe and North America) during the Great Depression of the 1930s. 　Trade openness increased substantially again from the 1950s onwards (albeit with a slowdown during the oil crisis of the 1970s). 　Economists and economic historians contend that current levels of trade openness are the highest they have ever been.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>trade</b> | treid | n. the commercial exchange (buying and selling on domestic or international markets) of goods and services<br>n. the skilled practice of a practical occupation<br>n. the business given to a commercial establishment by its customers<br>v. engage in the trade of | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trade>n. 贸易, 商业, 交易, 生意, 职业, 顾客, 信风<br>vi. 进行交易, 做买卖, 经商, 对换, 购物<br>vt. 用...进行交换</a> |  |  | 4.03
<b>exchange</b> | iks'tʃeindʒ | n. chemical process in which one atom or ion or group changes places with another<br>n. a mutual expression of views (especially an unpleasant one)<br>n. the act of changing one thing for another thing<br>n. the act of giving something in return for something received | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/exchange>n. 交换, (电话)交换局, 交换机, 汇兑, 交易所<br>v. 交换, 交易, 兑换<br>[计] 交换; 电话局</a> |  |  | 4.22
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Actually>Actually</a> 
<font size=3>
Actually (stylised as Pet Shop Boys, actually.) is the second studio album by English synth-pop duo Pet Shop Boys, released on 7 September 1987 by Parlophone in the United Kingdom and by EMI Manhattan in North America. 　According to Neil Tennant and music historian Wayne Studer, Actually loosely critiques Thatcherism, the political zeitgeist of the 1980s, and was recorded in anticipation of Margaret Thatcher's re-election.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>actually</b> | 'æktʃuәli | r. in actual fact<br>r. used to imply that one would expect the fact to be the opposite of that stated; surprisingly<br>r. at the present moment<br>r. as a sentence modifier to add slight emphasis | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/actually>adv. 事实上, 竟然, 如今, 现在</a> |  |  | 4.03
<b>pet</b> | pet | n. a domesticated animal kept for companionship or amusement<br>n. a fit of petulance or sulkiness (especially at what is felt to be a slight)<br>v. stroke or caress gently<br>v. stroke or caress in an erotic manner, as during lovemaking | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pet>n. 宠物, 受宠爱的人, 宠坏的孩子, 不悦, 生气<br>a. 宠爱的, 表示亲昵的, 养着观赏的, 特别珍爱的, 格外的<br>vt. 宠爱, 溺爱, 抚摸<br>vi. 拥抱, 爱抚, 生气, 发脾气</a> |  |  | 4.96
<b>shop</b> | ʃɒp | n. a mercantile establishment for the retail sale of goods or services<br>v. do one's shopping<br>v. shop around; not necessarily buying | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shop>n. 商店, 工厂, 车间<br>vi. 购物, 到处寻找<br>vt. 选购</a> |  |  | 4.45
<b>synth</b> | sinθ |  | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/synth>n. 合成器；综合者</a> |  |  | 5.64
<b>pop</b> | pɒp | n. a sweet drink containing carbonated water and flavoring<br>n. a sharp explosive sound as from a gunshot or drawing a cork<br>v. hit a pop-fly<br>v. make a sharp explosive noise | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pop>n. 砰然声, 枪击, 含气饮料, 流行音乐, 通俗艺术<br>a. 流行的, 热门的, 通俗的<br>vt. 使发出爆裂声, 开枪打, 突然伸出<br>vi. 发出爆裂声, 射击, 突然出现, 瞪大<br>adv. 突然, 砰地<br>[计] 出现点, 邮局协议</a> |  |  | 4.33
<b>Manhattan</b> | mæn'hætәn | n. one of the five boroughs of New York City<br>n. a cocktail made with whiskey and sweet vermouth with a dash of bitters | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manhattan>n. 曼哈顿</a> |  |  | 4.79
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cut_(archaeology)>Cut (archaeology)</a> 
<font size=3>
In archaeology and archaeological stratification, a cut or truncation is a context that represents a moment in time when other archaeological deposits were removed for the creation of some feature, such as a ditch or pit. 　In layman's terms, a cut can be thought of as a hole that was dug in the past, though cut also applies to other parts of the archaeological record such as horizontal truncations like terraced ground. 　A cut context is sometimes referred to as a "negative context", as opposed to a "positive context". 　The term denotes that a cut has removed material from the archaeological record or natural[clarification needed] at the time of its creation, as opposed to a positive context, which adds material to the archaeological record. 　A cut has zero thickness and no material properties of its own and is defined by the limits of other contexts. 　Cuts are seen in the record by virtue of the difference between the material it was cut through and the material that back-fills it. 　This difference is seen as an "edge" by the archaeologists on site. 　This is shown in the picture (Fig. 1), where a half sectioned Saxon pit has had half its backfill removed and we can clearly see a difference between the ground the pit was cut into, and the material originally filling the pit. 　Sometimes these differences are not clear and an archaeologist must rely on experience and insight to discover cuts.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>stratification</b> | .strætifi'keiʃәn | n. the act or process or arranging persons into classes or social strata<br>n. the condition of being arranged in social strata or classes within a group<br>n. forming or depositing in layers | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stratification>n. 层化, 阶层的形成, 成层<br>[医] 分层</a> |  |  | 5.79
<b>cut</b> | kʌt | n. a share of the profits<br>n. (film) an immediate transition from one shot to the next<br>n. a trench resembling a furrow that was made by erosion or excavation<br>n. a step on some scale | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cut>n. 切口, 割伤, 降低, 切, 割, 砍, 削, 伤口, 削减, 缩短, 删节, 通路<br>a. 经切割的, 缩减的<br>vt. 切, 割, 减少, 刺痛, 开辟, 雕刻, 删节, 缩短, 停止, 排斥, 切断, 关, 显出<br>vi. 切, 割, 砍, 刺痛, 相交, 抄近路, 剪辑<br>[计] 剪切</a> |  |  | 4.04
<b>truncation</b> | trʌŋ'keiʃәn | n. the replacement of an edge or solid angle (as in cutting a gemstone) by a plane (especially by a plane that is equally inclined to the adjacent faces)<br>n. the act of cutting short | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/truncation>n. 切掉顶端, 截头, 截短<br>[计] 截断; 截除</a> |  |  | 5.76
<b>represents</b> | ˌrepriˈzents | v take the place of or be parallel or equivalent to<br>v express indirectly by an image, form, or model; be a symbol<br>v be representative or typical for<br>v be a delegate or spokesperson for; represent somebody's interest or be a proxy or substitute for, as of politicians and office holders representing their constituents, or of a tenant representing other tenants in a housing dispute<br>v serve as a means of expressing something<br>v be characteristic of<br>v form or compose<br>v be the defense counsel for someone in a trial<br>v create an image or likeness of<br>v play a role or part<br>v perform (a play), especially on a stage<br>v describe or present, usually with respect to a particular quality<br>v point out or draw attention to in protest or remonstrance<br>v bring forward and present to the mind<br>v to establish a mapping (of mathematical elements or sets) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/represents>v. 表现( represent的第三人称单数 ); 代表; 体现; 作为…的代表</a> |  | represent | 4.55
<b>moment</b> | 'mәumәnt | n. a particular point in time<br>n. an indefinitely short time<br>n. a turning force produced by an object acting at a distance (or a measure of that force)<br>n. the n-th moment of a distribution is the expected value of the n-th power of the deviations from a fixed value | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moment>n. 片刻, 瞬间, 重要, 阶段, 力矩<br>[医] 片刻, 瞬间, 时机, 因素, 矩</a> |  |  | 3.84
<b>were</b> | wә: | v have the quality of being; (copula, used with an adjective or a predicate noun)<br>v be identical to; be someone or something<br>v occupy a certain position or area; be somewhere<br>v have an existence, be extant<br>v happen, occur, take place; this was during the visit to my parents' house"<br>v be identical or equivalent to<br>v form or compose<br>v work in a specific place, with a specific subject, or in a specific function<br>v represent, as of a character on stage<br>v spend or use time<br>v have life, be alive<br>v to remain unmolested, undisturbed, or uninterrupted -- used only in infinitive form<br>v be priced at | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/were>be的过去式</a> |  | be | 2.62
<b>removed</b> | ri'mu:vd | s. separated in relationship by a given degree of descent | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/removed>a. 离开的, 间隔的, 远离的<br>[化] 拆除的</a> |  | remove | 4.23
<b>creation</b> | kri:'eiʃәn | n. the human act of creating<br>n. an artifact that has been brought into existence by someone<br>n. the event that occurred at the beginning of something<br>n. (theology) God's act of bringing the universe into existence | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/creation>n. 创造, 创作物, 发明<br>[化] 产生</a> | -ation |  | 4.33
<b>ditch</b> | ditʃ | n. a long narrow excavation in the earth<br>n. any small natural waterway<br>v. forsake<br>v. make an emergency landing on water | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ditch>n. 沟渠<br>vt. 在...开沟<br>vi. 开沟</a> |  |  | 5.28
<b>pit</b> | pit | n. a sizeable hole (usually in the ground)<br>n. a concavity in a surface (especially an anatomical depression)<br>n. an enclosure in which animals are made to fight<br>n. (commodity exchange) the part of the floor of a commodity exchange where trading in a particular commodity is carried on | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pit>n. 深坑, 矿井, 果核, 地窖, 深渊, 绝境, 陷阱<br>vt. 窖藏, 使凹下, 使有麻点, 去...之核, 使留疤痕, 使相斗, 使竞争<br>vi. 起凹点, 凹陷</a> |  |  | 4.75
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smile>Smile</a> 
<font size=3>
A smile is a facial expression formed primarily by flexing the muscles at the sides of the mouth. 　Some smiles include a contraction of the muscles at the corner of the eyes, an action known as a Duchenne smile. 　Among humans, a smile expresses delight, sociability, happiness, joy, or amusement. 　It is distinct from a similar but usually involuntary expression of anxiety known as a grimace. 　Although cross-cultural studies have shown that smiling is a means of communication throughout the world, there are large differences among different cultures, religions, and societies, with some using smiles to convey confusion or embarrassment.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>smile</b> | smail | n. a facial expression characterized by turning up the corners of the mouth; usually shows pleasure or amusement<br>v. change one's facial expression by spreading the lips, often to signal pleasure<br>v. express with a smile | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/smile>n. 微笑, 喜色, 笑容<br>vi. 微笑, 觉得好笑<br>vt. 微笑着表示</a> |  |  | 4.04
<b>facial</b> | 'feiʃәl | n. cranial nerve that supplies facial muscles<br>n. care for the face that usually involves cleansing and massage and the application of cosmetic creams<br>a. of or concerning the face<br>a. of or pertaining to the outside surface of an object | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/facial>n. 美颜, 脸部按摩<br>a. 脸的, 表面的, 脸部用的</a> | -al2, -ial, -ual |  | 5.12
<b>flexing</b> | 'fleksiŋ | v contract<br>v exhibit the strength of<br>v form a curve<br>v bend a joint<br>v cause (a plastic object) to assume a crooked or angular form | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flexing>挠曲, 可挠性</a> |  | flex | 5.98
<b>sides</b> | saidz | n a place within a region identified relative to a center or reference location<br>n one of two or more contesting groups<br>n either the left or right half of a body<br>n a surface forming part of the outside of an object<br>n an extended outer surface of an object<br>n an aspect of something (as contrasted with some other implied aspect)<br>n a line segment forming part of the perimeter of a plane figure<br>n a family line of descent<br>n a lengthwise dressed half of an animal's carcass used for food<br>n an opinion that is held in opposition to another in an argument or dispute<br>n an elevated geological formation<br>n (sports) the spin given to a ball by striking it on one side or releasing it with a sharp twist<br>v take sides for or against | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sides>n. 边；面数；台词表（side的复数形式）</a> |  | side | 4.29
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sense>Sense</a> 
<font size=3>
A sense is a biological system used by an organism for sensation, the process of gathering information about the world through the detection of stimuli. 　(For example, in the human body, the brain which is part of the central nervous system receives signals from the senses which continuously receive information from the environment, interprets these signals, and causes the body to respond, either chemically or physically.) 　Although traditionally five human senses were identified as such (namely sight, smell, touch, taste, and hearing), it is now recognized that there are many more. 　Senses used by non-human organisms are even greater in variety and number. 　During sensation, sense organs collect various stimuli (such as a sound or smell) for transduction, meaning transformation into a form that can be understood by the brain. 　Sensation and perception are fundamental to nearly every aspect of an organism's cognition, behavior and thought. 　In organisms, a sensory organ consists of a group of interrelated sensory cells that respond to a specific type of physical stimulus. 　Via cranial and spinal nerves (nerves of the Central and Peripheral nervous systems that relay sensory information to and from the brain and body), the different types of sensory receptor cells (such as mechanoreceptors, photoreceptors, chemoreceptors, thermoreceptors) in sensory organs transduct sensory information from these organs towards the central nervous system, finally arriving at the sensory cortices in the brain, where sensory signals are processed and interpreted (perceived). 　Sensory systems, or senses, are often divided into external (exteroception) and internal (interoception) sensory systems. 　Human external senses are based on the sensory organs of the eyes, ears, skin, nose, and mouth. 　Internal sensation detects stimuli from internal organs and tissues. 　Internal senses possessed by humans include the vestibular system (sense of balance) sensed by the inner ear, as well as others such as spatial orientation, proprioception (body position) and nociception (pain). 　Further internal senses lead to signals such as hunger, thirst, suffocation, and nausea, or different involuntary behaviors, such as vomiting. 　Some animals are able to detect electrical and magnetic fields, air moisture, or polarized light, while others sense and perceive through alternative systems, such as echolocation. 　Sensory modalities or sub modalities are different ways sensory information is encoded or transduced. 　Multimodality integrates different senses into one unified perceptual experience. 　For example, information from one sense has the potential to influence how information from another is perceived. 　Sensation and perception are studied by a variety of related fields, most notably psychophysics, neurobiology, cognitive psychology, and cognitive science.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>sensation</b> | sen'seiʃәn | n. an unelaborated elementary awareness of stimulation<br>n. a general feeling of excitement and heightened interest<br>n. a state of widespread public excitement and interest | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sensation>n. 感觉, 轰动<br>[医] 感觉</a> | sens, sent1 |  | 4.95
<b>detection</b> | di'tekʃәn | n. the perception that something has occurred or some state exists<br>n. the act of detecting something; catching sight of something<br>n. a police investigation to determine the perpetrator | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/detection>n. 发现, 察觉, 探测<br>[计] 检波; 检测</a> |  |  | 4.42
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sense_(molecular biology)>Sense (molecular biology)</a> 
<font size=3>
In molecular biology and genetics, the sense of a nucleic acid molecule, particularly of a strand of DNA or RNA, refers to the nature of the roles of the strand and its complement in specifying a sequence of amino acids.　[citation needed] Depending on the context, sense may have slightly different meanings. 　For example, negative-sense strand of DNA is equivalent to the template strand, whereas the positive-sense strand is the non-template strand whose nucleotide sequence is equivalent to the sequence of the mRNA transcript.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>genetics</b> | dʒi'netiks | n. the branch of biology that studies heredity and variation in organisms | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genetics>n. 遗传学<br>[化] 遗传学</a> | -ics | genetic | 5.27
<b>nucleic</b> | nju:'kli:ik |  | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nucleic>a. 核的</a> |  |  | 6.02
<b>acid</b> | 'æsid | n. any of various water-soluble compounds having a sour taste and capable of turning litmus red and reacting with a base to form a salt<br>n. street name for lysergic acid diethylamide<br>s. having the characteristics of an acid | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/acid>n. 酸, 酸类物质, 尖刻, 迷幻药<br>a. 酸的, 酸性的, 尖刻的, 敏锐的<br>[计] 自动文档互参与索引生成程序</a> | ac, acr, acer |  | 4.61
<b>molecule</b> | 'mɒlikju:l | n. (physics and chemistry) the simplest structural unit of an element or compound | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/molecule>n. 分子, 些微<br>[化] 分子</a> | -ule |  | 5.05
<b>particularly</b> | pә'tikjjlәli | r. to a distinctly greater extent or degree than is common<br>r. specifically or especially distinguished from others | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/particularly>adv. 特别, 格外, 尤其, 详细地, 细致地</a> |  |  | 4.09
<b>strand</b> | strænd | n. a pattern forming a unity within a larger structural whole<br>n. line consisting of a complex of fibers or filaments that are twisted together to form a thread or a rope or a cable<br>n. a poetic term for a shore (as the area periodically covered and uncovered by the tides)<br>n. a street in west central London famous for its theaters and hotels | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/strand>n. (绳索的)股, 绳, 串, 海滨, 河岸<br>vi. 搁浅<br>vt. 使搁浅, 使落后, 使陷于困境, 弄断, 搓</a> |  |  | 5.15
<b>amino</b> | 'æminәu | n. the radical -NH2<br>a. pertaining to or containing any of a group of organic compounds of nitrogen derived from ammonia | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amino>a. 氨基的<br>[医] 氨基</a> |  |  | 5.21
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coast>Coast</a> 
<font size=3>
The coast, also known as the coastline or seashore, is defined as the area where land meets the ocean, or as a line that forms the boundary between the land and the coastline. 　The Earth has around 620,000 kilometres (390,000 mi) of coastline. 　Coasts are important zones in natural ecosystems, often home to a wide range of biodiversity. 　On land, they harbor important ecosystems such as freshwater or estuarine wetlands, which are important for bird populations and other terrestrial animals. 　In wave-protected areas they harbor saltmarshes, mangroves or seagrasses, all of which can provide nursery habitat for finfish, shellfish, and other aquatic species. 　Rocky shores are usually found along exposed coasts and provide habitat for a wide range of sessile animals (e.g. mussels, starfish, barnacles) and various kinds of seaweeds. 　Along tropical coasts with clear, nutrient-poor water, coral reefs can often be found between depths of 1–50 meters (3.3–164.0 feet). 　According to a United Nations atlas, 44% of all people live within 5 km (3.3mi) of the sea. 　Because of their importance in society and high concentration of population, the coast is important for major parts of the global food and economic system, and they provide many ecosystem services to humankind. 　For example, important human activities happen in port cities. 　Coastal fisheries (commercial, recreational, and subsistence) and aquaculture are major economic activities and create jobs, livelihoods, and protein for the majority of coastal human populations. 　Other coastal spaces like beaches and seaside resorts generate large revenues through tourism. 　Marine coastal ecosystems can also provide protection against sea level rise and tsunamis. 　In many countries, mangroves are the primary source of wood for fuel (e.g. charcoal) and building material. 　Coastal ecosystems like mangroves and seagrasses have a much higher capacity for carbon sequestration than many terrestrial ecosystems, and as such can play a critical role in the near-future to help mitigate climate change effects by uptake of atmospheric anthropogenic carbon dioxide. 　However, the economic importance of coasts makes many of these communities vulnerable to climate change, which causes increases in extreme weather and sea level rise, and related issues such as coastal erosion, saltwater intrusion and coastal flooding. 　Other coastal issues, such as marine pollution, marine debris, coastal development, and marine ecosystem destruction, further complicate the human uses of the coast and threaten coastal ecosystems. 　The interactive effects of climate change, habitat destruction, overfishing and water pollution (especially eutrophication) have led to the demise of coastal ecosystem around the globe. 　This has resulted in population collapse of fisheries stocks, loss of biodiversity, increased invasion of alien species, and loss of healthy habitats. 　International attention to these issues has been captured in Sustainable Development Goal 14 "Life Below Water" which sets goals for international policy focused on preserving marine coastal ecosystems and supporting more sustainable economic practices for coastal communities. 　Likewise, the United Nations has declared 2021-2030 the UN Decade on Ecosystem Restoration, but restoration of coastal ecosystems has received insufficient attention. 　Because coasts are constantly changing, a coastline's exact perimeter cannot be determined; this measurement challenge is called the coastline paradox. 　The term coastal zone is used to refer to a region where interactions of sea and land processes occur. 　Both the terms coast and coastal are often used to describe a geographic location or region located on a coastline (e.g., New Zealand's West Coast, or the East, West, and Gulf Coast of the United States.) Coasts with a narrow continental shelf that are close to the open ocean are called pelagic coast, while other coasts are more sheltered coast in a gulf or bay. 　A shore, on the other hand, may refer to parts of land adjoining any large body of water, including oceans (sea shore) and lakes (lake shore).
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>coastline</b> | 'kәustlain | n. the outline of a coast | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coastline>n. 海岸线</a> |  |  | 5.35
<b>seashore</b> | 'siʃɒ: | n. the shore of a sea or ocean | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seashore>n. 海岸, 海滨</a> |  |  | 6.06
<b>meets</b> | mi:ts | n a meeting at which a number of athletic contests are held<br>v come together<br>v get together socially or for a specific purpose<br>v be adjacent or come together<br>v fill or meet a want or need<br>v satisfy a condition or restriction<br>v satisfy or fulfill<br>v collect in one place<br>v get to know; get acquainted with<br>v meet by design; be present at the arrival of<br>v contend against an opponent in a sport, game, or battle<br>v experience as a reaction<br>v undergo or suffer<br>v be in direct physical contact with; make contact | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/meets>v. 相遇( meet的第三人称单数 ); 相识; 开会; 接触（某物）</a> |  | meet | 4.64
<b>line</b> | lain | n. a formation of people or things one beside another<br>n. a mark that is long relative to its width<br>n. a formation of people or things one behind another<br>n. a length (straight or curved) without breadth or thickness; the trace of a moving point | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/line>n. 列, 线, 绳, 电线, 线路, 路线, 航线, 作业线, 界线, 战线, 外形, 排, 家系<br>vt. 排成一行, 顺...排列, 划线于, 加衬里, 使有线条, 使起皱纹<br>vi. 排队<br>[计] 线路</a> |  |  | 3.51
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Captain>Captain</a> 
<font size=3>
Captain is a title, an appellative for the commanding officer of a military unit; the supreme leader of a navy ship, merchant ship, aeroplane, spacecraft, or other vessel; or the commander of a port, fire or police department, election precinct, etc. 　In militaries, the captain is typically at the level of an officer commanding a company or battalion of infantry, a ship, or a battery of artillery, or another distinct unit. 　The term also may be used as an informal or honorary title for persons in similar commanding roles.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>captain</b> | 'kæptin | n. an officer holding a rank below a major but above a lieutenant<br>n. the naval officer in command of a military ship<br>n. a policeman in charge of a precinct<br>n. the leader of a group of people | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/captain>n. 船长, 指挥官, 海军上校, 首领<br>vt. 率领, 指挥</a> | cap2, capit, cipit |  | 4.04
<b>appellative</b> | ә'pelәtiv | a. pertaining to or dealing with or used as a common noun<br>s. inclined to or serving for the giving of names | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/appellative>a. 名称的, 通称的<br>n. 名称, 通称名词, 普通名词</a> |  |  | 10.00
<b>commanding</b> | kә'mɑ:ndiŋ | s. used of a height or viewpoint | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/commanding>a. 指挥的, 威风凛凛的, 居高临下的</a> |  | command | 4.86
<b>leader</b> | 'li:dә | n. a person who rules or guides or inspires others | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/leader>n. 领导者, 社论, 指挥, 领袖, 领唱者, 前导字符<br>[计] 前导字符</a> |  |  | 4.03
<b>merchant</b> | 'mә:tʃәnt | n. a businessperson engaged in retail trade | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/merchant>n. 商人, 店主<br>a. 商业的, 商人的</a> |  |  | 4.70
<b>aeroplane</b> | 'єәrәplein | n an aircraft that has a fixed wing and is powered by propellers or jets | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aeroplane>n. 飞机<br>[机] 飞机</a> |  |  | 5.91
<b>spacecraft</b> | 'speiskræft | n. a craft capable of traveling in outer space; technically, a satellite around the sun | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spacecraft>n. 航天飞船</a> |  |  | 5.08
<b>vessel</b> | 'vesl | n. a tube in which a body fluid circulates<br>n. a craft designed for water transportation<br>n. an object used as a container (especially for liquids) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vessel>n. 船, 容器, 脉管<br>[医] 管, 脉管, (容)器</a> |  |  | 4.60
<b>commander</b> | kә'mɑ:ndә | n. someone in an official position of authority who can command or control others<br>n. a commissioned naval officer who ranks above a lieutenant commander and below a captain | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/commander>n. 司令官, 指挥官</a> |  |  | 4.20
<b>port</b> | pɒ:t | n. a place (seaport or airport) where people and merchandise can enter or leave a country<br>n. sweet dark-red dessert wine originally from Portugal<br>n. an opening (in a wall or ship or armored vehicle) for firing through<br>v. put or turn on the left side, of a ship | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/port>n. 港口, 埠, 舱门, 避风港, 左舷, 炮眼, 姿势, 意义<br>vt. 左转舵, 持(枪)<br>vi. 左转舵<br>[计] 端口, 移植</a> | port |  | 4.19
<b>department</b> | di'pɑ:tmәnt | n. a specialized division of a large organization<br>n. the territorial and administrative division of some countries (such as France)<br>n. a specialized sphere of knowledge | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/department>n. 部门, 系, 机关<br>[医] 部, 科</a> | -ment |  | 3.76
<b>precinct</b> | 'pri:siŋkt | n. a district of a city or town marked out for administrative purposes | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/precinct>n. 区域, 管理区, 管辖区域<br>[法] 管辖区, 选区, 分界</a> |  |  | 5.42
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sir>Sir</a> 
<font size=3>
Sir is a formal honorific address in English for men, derived from Sire in the High Middle Ages. 　Both are derived from the old French "Sieur" (Lord), brought to England by the French-speaking Normans, and which now exist in French only as part of "Monsieur", with the equivalent "My Lord" in English. 　Traditionally, as governed by law and custom, Sir is used for men titled as knights, often as members of orders of chivalry, as well as later applied to baronets and other offices. 　As the female equivalent for knighthood is damehood, the suo jure female equivalent term is typically Dame. 　The wife of a knight or baronet tends to be addressed as Lady, although a few exceptions and interchanges of these uses exist. 　Additionally, since the late modern period, Sir has been used as a respectful way to address a man of superior social status or military rank. 　Equivalent terms of address for women are Madam (shortened to Ma'am), in addition to social honorifics such as Mrs, Ms or Miss.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>sir</b> | sә: | n. term of address for a man<br>n. a title used before the name of knight or baronet | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sir>n. 先生, 阁下</a> |  |  | 4.04
<b>honorific</b> | .ɒnә'rifik | n. an expression of respect<br>s. conferring or showing honor or respect | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/honorific>a. 尊敬的, 表示敬意的, 敬称的<br>n. 敬语</a> | -fic |  | 5.90
<b>address</b> | ә'dres | n. (computer science) the code that identifies where a piece of information is stored<br>n. the place where a person or organization can be found or communicated with<br>n. the act of delivering a formal spoken communication to an audience<br>n. the manner of speaking to another individual | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/address>n. 住址, 演说, 举止, 灵巧, 求爱<br>vt. 发表(演说或讲话), 对付, 写地址<br>[计] 地址, 寻址</a> |  |  | 4.32
<b>men</b> | men | n the force of workers available<br>n an adult person who is male (as opposed to a woman)<br>n someone who serves in the armed forces; a member of a military force<br>n the generic use of the word to refer to any human being<br>n any living or extinct member of the family Hominidae characterized by superior intelligence, articulate speech, and erect carriage<br>n a male subordinate<br>n an adult male person who has a manly character (virile and courageous competent)<br>n a manservant who acts as a personal attendant to his employer<br>n a male person who plays a significant role (husband or lover or boyfriend) in the life of a particular woman<br>n one of the British Isles in the Irish Sea<br>n game equipment consisting of an object used in playing certain board games<br>n all of the living human inhabitants of the earth | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/men>pl. man的复数</a> |  | man | 3.52
<b>sire</b> | saiә | n. a title of address formerly used for a man of rank and authority<br>n. male parent of an animal especially a domestic animal such as a horse | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sire>n. 陛下, 殿下, 父亲<br>vt. 生殖, 创作</a> |  |  | 5.40
<b>high</b> | hai | n. a lofty level or position or degree<br>n. an air mass of higher than normal pressure<br>n. a state of sustained elation<br>n. a state of altered consciousness induced by alcohol or narcotics | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/high>n. 高度, 高处<br>a. 高的, 高级的, 主要的, 高尚的, 高原的, 高音的, 昂贵的, 傲慢的<br>adv. 高度地, 奢侈地</a> |  |  | 3.29
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aircraft>Aircraft</a> 
<font size=3>
An aircraft is a vehicle that is able to fly by gaining support from the air. 　It counters the force of gravity by using either static lift or by using the dynamic lift of an airfoil, or in a few cases the downward thrust from jet engines. 　Common examples of aircraft include airplanes, helicopters, airships (including blimps), gliders, paramotors, and hot air balloons. 　The human activity that surrounds aircraft is called aviation. 　The science of aviation, including designing and building aircraft, is called aeronautics. 　Crewed aircraft are flown by an onboard pilot, but unmanned aerial vehicles may be remotely controlled or self-controlled by onboard computers. 　Aircraft may be classified by different criteria, such as lift type, aircraft propulsion, usage and others.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>aircraft</b> | 'єәkræft | n. a vehicle that can fly | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aircraft>n. 航空器, 飞机<br>[机] 航空器</a> |  |  | 4.04
<b>able</b> | 'eibl | a. (usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something<br>s. have the skills and qualifications to do things well<br>s. having inherent physical or mental ability or capacity<br>s. having a strong healthy body | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/able>a. 能干的, 能够的</a> |  |  | 3.78
<b>fly</b> | flai | n. two-winged insects characterized by active flight<br>n. an opening in a garment that is closed by a zipper or by buttons concealed under a fold of cloth<br>n. (baseball) a hit that flies up in the air<br>n. fisherman's lure consisting of a fishhook decorated to look like an insect | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fly>n. 苍蝇, 两翼昆虫, 飞行<br>vi. 飞, 飞翔, 飘扬, 逃走<br>vt. 飞, 飞越, 使飘扬, 逃出<br>a. 敏捷的</a> |  |  | 4.51
<b>gaining</b> | '^einiŋ | v obtain<br>v win something through one's efforts<br>v derive a benefit from<br>v reach a destination, either real or abstract<br>v obtain advantages, such as points, etc.<br>v rise in rate or price<br>v increase or develop<br>v earn on some commercial or business transaction; earn as salary or wages<br>v increase (one's body weight) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gaining>n. 增进单向开槽；单向开槽</a> |  | gain | 4.89
<b>air</b> | єә | n. a mixture of gases (especially oxygen) required for breathing; the stuff that the wind consists of<br>n. the region above the ground<br>n. a distinctive but intangible quality surrounding a person or thing<br>n. once thought to be one of four elements composing the universe (Empedocles) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/air>n. 空气, 旋律, 态度<br>vt. 晾, 使通风, 夸耀</a> |  |  | 3.58
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Governor>Governor</a> 
<font size=3>
Look up governor, governess, or gubernatorial in Wiktionary, the free dictionary. 　A governor is an administrative leader and head of a polity or political region, ranking under the head of state and in some cases, such as governors-general, as the head of a state's official representative. 　Depending on the type of political region or polity, a governor may be either appointed or elected, and the governor's powers can vary significantly, depending on the public laws in place locally. 　The adjective pertaining to a governor is gubernatorial, from the Latin root gubernare.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>governor</b> | 'gʌvәnә | n. the head of a state government<br>n. a control that maintains a steady speed in a machine (as by controlling the supply of fuel) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/governor>n. (美)州长, (英)总督, 统治者, 管理者, 理事<br>[医] 节制器, 调节器</a> |  |  | 4.04
<b>governess</b> | 'gʌvәnis | n. a woman entrusted with the care and supervision of a child (especially in a private home) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/governess>n. 女家庭教师</a> |  |  | 5.89
<b>gubernatorial</b> | .gju:bәnә'tɒ:riәl | a. relating to a governor | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gubernatorial>a. 州长的, 统治者的</a> |  |  | 5.41
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Valley>Valley</a> 
<font size=3>
A valley is an elongated low area often running between hills or mountains, which will typically contain a river or stream running from one end to the other. 　Most valleys are formed by erosion of the land surface by rivers or streams over a very long period. 　Some valleys are formed through erosion by glacial ice. 　These glaciers may remain present in valleys in high mountains or polar areas. 　At lower latitudes and altitudes, these glacially formed valleys may have been created or enlarged during ice ages but now are ice-free and occupied by streams or rivers. 　In desert areas, valleys may be entirely dry or carry a watercourse only rarely. 　In areas of limestone bedrock, dry valleys may also result from drainage now taking place underground rather than at the surface. 　Rift valleys arise principally from earth movements, rather than erosion. 　Many different types of valleys are described by geographers, using terms that may be global in use or else applied only locally.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>elongated</b> | ˈi:lɒŋgeɪtɪd | s. drawn out or made longer spatially | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elongated>v. 延长, 加长( elongate的过去式和过去分词 )</a> |  | elongate | 5.31
<b>low</b> | lәu | n. an air mass of lower pressure; often brings precipitation<br>n. British political cartoonist (born in New Zealand) who created the character Colonel Blimp (1891-1963)<br>n. a low level or position or degree<br>a. less than normal in degree or intensity or amount | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/low>n. 低点, 低价, 低, 牛叫声<br>a. 低的, 消沉的, 低等的, 浅的, 卑贱的<br>adv. 低下地, 谦卑地, 低<br>vi. 牛叫</a> |  |  | 3.72
<b>contain</b> | kәn'tein | v. be divisible by<br>v. be capable of holding or containing | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/contain>vt. 包含, 容纳, 控制<br>vi. 自制</a> | con- |  | 4.47
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Distance>Distance</a> 
<font size=3>
Distance is a numerical or occasionally qualitative measurement of how far apart objects or points are. 　In physics or everyday usage, distance may refer to a physical length or an estimation based on other criteria (e.g. "two counties over"). 　Since spatial cognition is a rich source of conceptual metaphors in human thought, the term is also frequently used metaphorically to mean a measurement of the amount of difference between two similar objects (such as statistical distance between probability distributions or edit distance between strings of text) or a degree of separation (as exemplified by distance between people in a social network). 　Most such notions of distance, both physical and metaphorical, are formalized in mathematics using the notion of a metric space. 　In the social sciences, distance can refer to a qualitative measurement of separation, such as social distance or psychological distance.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>numerical</b> | nju:'merikl | a. relating to or having ability to think in or work with numbers | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/numerical>a. 数字的, 数值的, 以数字表示的, 擅长于计数的<br>[经] 数字的, 用数字表示的</a> |  |  | 4.38
<b>occasionally</b> | ә'keiʒәnli | r. now and then or here and there | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/occasionally>adv. 有时候, 偶而</a> |  |  | 4.60
<b>qualitative</b> | 'kwɒlitәtiv | a. involving distinctions based on qualities<br>a. relating to or involving comparisons based on qualities | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/qualitative>a. 性质的, 质的, 定性的</a> |  |  | 5.24
<b>how</b> | hau | adv. In what manner or way; by what means or process.<br>adv. To what degree or extent, number or amount; in what<br> proportion; by what measure or quality.<br>adv. For what reason; from what cause.<br>adv. In what state, condition, or plight.<br>adv. By what name, designation, or title.<br>adv. At what price; how dear. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/how>adv. 如何, 怎样, 多少, 多么<br>n. 方式</a> |  |  | 3.29
<b>far</b> | fɑ: | a. located at a great distance in time or space or degree<br>s. being of a considerable distance or length<br>s. being the animal or vehicle on the right or being on the right side of an animal or vehicle<br>s. beyond a norm in opinion or actions | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/far>a. 远的, 久远的, 遥远的<br>adv. 甚远地, 很, 到很深的程度, 到很远的距离</a> |  |  | 3.74
<b>apart</b> | ә'pɑ:t | s. remote and separate physically or socially<br>s. having characteristics not shared by others<br>r. separated or at a distance in place or position or time<br>r. not taken into account or excluded from consideration | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/apart>adv. 成零碎, 成距离, 分别地, 分离着<br>a. 分离的</a> |  |  | 4.37
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Industry_(archaeology)>Industry (archaeology)</a> 
<font size=3>
Not to be confused with industrial archaeology, the archaeology of (modern) industrial sites. 　In the archaeology of the Stone Age, an industry or technocomplex is a typological classification of stone tools. 　An industry consists of a number of lithic assemblages, typically including a range of different types of tools, that are grouped together on the basis of shared technological or morphological characteristics. 　For example, the Acheulean industry includes hand-axes, cleavers, scrapers and other tools with different forms, but which were all manufactured by the symmetrical reduction of a bifacial core producing large flakes. 　Industries are usually named after a type site where these characteristics were first observed (e.g. the Mousterian industry is named after the site of Le Moustier). 　By contrast, Neolithic axeheads from the Langdale axe industry were recognised as a type well before the centre at Great Langdale was identified by finds of debitage and other remains of the production, and confirmed by petrography (geological analysis). 　The stone was quarried and rough axe heads were produced there, to be more finely worked and polished elsewhere. 　As a taxonomic classification of artefacts, industries rank higher than archaeological cultures. 　Cultures are usually defined from a range of different artefact types and are thought to be related to a distinct cultural tradition. 　By contrast, industries are defined by basic elements of lithic production which may have been used by many unrelated human groups over tens or even hundred thousands of years, and over very wide geographical ranges. 　Sites producing tools from the Acheulean industry stretch from France to China, as well as Africa. 　Consequently, shifts between lithic industries are thought to reflect major milestones in human evolution, such as changes in cognitive ability or even the replacement of one human species by another. 　However, findings from ancient DNA studies describe several changes and periods of stasis in European populations that are not strongly reflected in the current cultural taxonomic frameworks. 　Therefore, artefacts from a single industry may come from a number of different cultures.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>confused</b> | kәn'fju:zd | s. lacking orderly continuity<br>s. having lost your bearings; confused as to time or place or personal identity<br>a. mentally confused; unable to think with clarity or act intelligently | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/confused>a. 困惑的, 混乱的</a> |  | confuse | 4.61
<b>industrial</b> | in'dʌstriәl | a. of or relating to or resulting from industry<br>a. having highly developed industries<br>s. employed in industry<br>s. suitable to stand up to hard wear | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/industrial>a. 工业的, 供工业用的, 工业高度发展的, 产业的<br>n. 工业工人, 工业股票</a> | -al2, -ial, -ual |  | 4.28
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Individual>Individual</a> 
<font size=3>
An individual is that which exists as a distinct entity. 　Individuality (or self-hood) is the state or quality of being an individual; particularly (in the case of humans) of being a person unique from other people and possessing one's own needs or goals, rights and responsibilities. 　The concept of an individual features in diverse fields, including biology, law, and philosophy.
</font>

<br>



