## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Texas>Texas</a> 
<font size=3>
Texas (/ˈtɛksəs/, also locally /ˈtɛksɪz/; Spanish: Texas, Tejas) is a state in the South Central region of the United States. 　At 268,596 square miles (695,662 km2), and with more than 30 million residents in 2022, it is the second-largest U.S. state by both area (after Alaska) and population (after California). 　Texas shares borders with the states of Louisiana to the east, Arkansas to the northeast, Oklahoma to the north, New Mexico to the west, and the Mexican states of Chihuahua, Coahuila, Nuevo León, and Tamaulipas to the south and southwest; and has a coastline with the Gulf of Mexico to the southeast. 　Houston is the most populous city in Texas and the fourth-largest in the U.S., while San Antonio is the second most populous in the state and seventh-largest in the U.S. Dallas–Fort Worth and Greater Houston are, respectively, the fourth- and fifth-largest metropolitan statistical areas in the country. 　Other major cities include Austin, the second most populous state capital in the U.S., and El Paso. 　Texas is nicknamed the Lone Star State for its former status as an independent republic, and as a reminder of the state's struggle for independence from Mexico. 　The Lone Star can be found on the Texas state flag and on the Texas state seal. 　The origin of Texas's name is from the Caddo word táyshaʼ meaning 'friends'. 　Due to its size and geologic features such as the Balcones Fault, Texas contains diverse landscapes common to both the U.S. Southern and the Southwestern regions. 　Although Texas is popularly associated with the U.S. southwestern deserts, less than ten percent of Texas's land area is desert. 　Most of the population centers are in areas of former prairies, grasslands, forests, and the coastline. 　Traveling from east to west, one can observe terrain that ranges from coastal swamps and piney woods, to rolling plains and rugged hills, and finally the desert and mountains of the Big Bend. 　The term "six flags over Texas" refers to several nations that have ruled over the territory. 　Spain was the first European country to claim and control the area of Texas. 　France held a short-lived colony. 　Mexico controlled the territory until 1836 when Texas won its independence, becoming the Republic of Texas. 　In 1845, Texas joined the union as the 28th state. 　The state's annexation set off a chain of events that led to the Mexican–American War in 1846. 　A slave state before the American Civil War, Texas declared its secession from the U.S. in early 1861, and officially joined the Confederate States of America on March 2 of the same year. 　After the Civil War and the restoration of its representation in the federal government, Texas entered a long period of economic stagnation. 　Historically, four major industries shaped the Texas economy prior to World War II: cattle and bison, cotton, timber, and oil. 　Before and after the U.S. Civil War, the cattle industry—which Texas came to dominate—was a major economic driver for the state, and created the traditional image of the Texas cowboy. 　In the later 19th century, cotton and lumber grew to be major industries as the cattle industry became less lucrative. 　It was ultimately, though, the discovery of major petroleum deposits (Spindletop in particular) that initiated an economic boom which became the driving force behind the economy for much of the 20th century. 　Texas developed a diversified economy and high tech industry during the mid-20th century. 　As of 2022, it has the most Fortune 500 company headquarters (53) in the United States. 　With a growing base of industry, the state leads in many industries, including tourism, agriculture, petrochemicals, energy, computers and electronics, aerospace, and biomedical sciences. 　Texas has led the U.S. in state export revenue since 2002, and has the second-highest gross state product. 　If Texas were a sovereign state, it would have the 10th-largest economy in the world.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>Texas</b> | 'teksәs | n. the second largest state; located in southwestern United States on the Gulf of Mexico | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Texas>n. 德克萨斯</a> |  |  | 4.12
<b>locally</b> | 'lәukәli | r. by a particular locality<br>r. to a restricted area of the body | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/locally>adv. 地方性地, 局部性地, 在当地</a> |  |  | 4.63
<b>Spanish</b> | 'spæniʃ | n. the Romance language spoken in most of Spain and the countries colonized by Spain<br>n. the people of Spain<br>a. of or relating to or characteristic of Spain or the people of Spain | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spanish>n. 西班牙人, 西班牙语<br>a. 西班牙的</a> |  |  | 4.05
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hell>Hell</a> 
<font size=3>
In religion and folklore, hell is a location or state in the afterlife in which evil souls are subjected to punitive suffering, most often through torture, as eternal punishment after death. 　Religions with a linear divine history often depict hells as eternal destinations, the biggest examples of which are Christianity and Islam, whereas religions with reincarnation usually depict a hell as an intermediary period between incarnations, as is the case in the dharmic religions. 　Religions typically locate hell in another dimension or under Earth's surface. 　Other afterlife destinations include heaven, paradise, purgatory, limbo, and the underworld. 　Other religions, which do not conceive of the afterlife as a place of punishment or reward, merely describe an abode of the dead, the grave, a neutral place that is located under the surface of Earth (for example, see Kur, Hades, and Sheol). 　Such places are sometimes equated with the English word hell, though a more correct translation would be "underworld" or "world of the dead". 　The ancient Mesopotamian, Greek, Roman, and Finnic religions include entrances to the underworld from the land of the living.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>hell</b> | hel | n. any place of pain and turmoil; <br>n. a cause of difficulty and suffering<br>n. (Christianity) the abode of Satan and the forces of evil; where sinners suffer eternal punishment<br>n. (religion) the world of the dead | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hell>n. 地狱, 邪恶势力, 苦境, 阴间, 毁坏, 训斥<br>vi. 狂饮, 飞驰</a> |  |  | 4.12
<b>afterlife</b> | 'ɑ:ftәlaif | n. life after death | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/afterlife>n. 来世, 下半生</a> |  |  | 5.68
<b>evil</b> | 'i:vl | n. morally objectionable behavior<br>n. that which causes harm or destruction or misfortune; the good is oft interred with their bones"- Shakespeare<br>n. the quality of being morally wrong in principle or practice<br>a. morally bad or wrong | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/evil>n. 邪恶, 不幸, 罪恶<br>a. 邪恶的, 不幸的, 有害的, 讨厌的</a> |  |  | 4.40
<b>punitive</b> | 'pju:nitiv | a. inflicting punishment | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/punitive>a. 刑罚的, 惩罚性的<br>[法] 刑罚的, 惩罚性的, 结予惩处的</a> |  |  | 5.75
<b>suffering</b> | 'sʌfәriŋ | n. misery resulting from affliction<br>n. feelings of mental or physical pain<br>s. troubled by pain or loss | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/suffering>n. 苦难, 受苦</a> |  | suffer | 4.62
<b>torture</b> | 'tɒ:tʃә | n. unbearable physical pain<br>n. the deliberate, systematic, or wanton infliction of physical or mental suffering by one or more persons in an attempt to force another person to yield information or to make a confession or for any other reason<br>v. subject to torture | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/torture>n. 拷问, 苦闷<br>vt. 拷问, 曲解, 折磨, 使弯曲</a> | tort |  | 4.91
<b>eternal</b> | i'tә:nl | s continuing forever or indefinitely<br>s tiresomely long; seemingly without end | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eternal>a. 永恒的, 永远的, 不灭的</a> |  |  | 4.92
<b>punishment</b> | 'pʌniʃmәnt | n. the act of punishing | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/punishment>n. 处罚, 刑罚, 惩罚<br>[法] 罚, 处罚, 刑罚</a> |  |  | 4.72
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cost>Cost</a> 
<font size=3>
In production, research, retail, and accounting, a cost is the value of money that has been used up to produce something or deliver a service, and hence is not available for use anymore. 　In business, the cost may be one of acquisition, in which case the amount of money expended to acquire it is counted as cost. 　In this case, money is the input that is gone in order to acquire the thing. 　This acquisition cost may be the sum of the cost of production as incurred by the original producer, and further costs of transaction as incurred by the acquirer over and above the price paid to the producer. 　Usually, the price also includes a mark-up for profit over the cost of production. 　More generalized in the field of economics, cost is a metric that is totaling up as a result of a process or as a differential for the result of a decision. 　Hence cost is the metric used in the standard modeling paradigm applied to economic processes. 　Costs (pl.) are often further described based on their timing or their applicability.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>retail</b> | 'ri:teil | n. the selling of goods to consumers; usually in small quantities and not for resale<br>v. be sold at the retail level<br>v. sell on the retail market<br>r. at a retail price | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/retail>n. 零售<br>a. 零售的<br>vt. 零售, 详述, 传播<br>vi. 零售</a> |  |  | 4.80
<b>accounting</b> | ә'kauntiŋ | n. a convincing explanation that reveals basic causes<br>n. a system that provides quantitative information about finances<br>n. a bookkeeper's chronological list of related debits and credits of a business; forms part of a ledger of accounts | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/accounting>n. 会计学, 帐单, 清帐<br>[计] 帐户处理, 记帐</a> |  | account | 4.93
<b>cost</b> | kɒst | n. the total spent for goods or services including money and time and labor<br>v. be priced at<br>v. require to lose, suffer, or sacrifice | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cost>n. 代价, 价值, 费用<br>vi. 花费<br>vt. 使失去, 值, 使花费</a> |  |  | 4.12
<b>value</b> | 'vælju: | n. a numerical quantity measured or assigned or computed<br>n. the quality (positive or negative) that renders something desirable or valuable<br>n. the amount (of money or goods or services) that is considered to be a fair equivalent for something else<br>n. relative darkness or lightness of a color | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/value>n. 价值, 价格, 购买力, 评价, 估价, 计算结果<br>vt. 评价, 估价, 重视<br>[计] 计算结果</a> | val, valu, valid |  | 4.04
<b>produce</b> | prә'dju:s | n. fresh fruits and vegetable grown for the market<br>v. bring forth or yield<br>v. create or manufacture a man-made product<br>v. cause to happen, occur or exist | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/produce>n. 生产品, 物产, 后代<br>vt. 产生, 生产, 提出, 出示<br>vi. 生产, 制造</a> | pro-1 |  | 4.22
<b>deliver</b> | di'livә | v. deliver (a speech, oration, or idea)<br>v. bring to a destination, make a delivery<br>v. utter (an exclamation, noise, etc.)<br>v. save from sins | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deliver>vt. 递送, 陈述, 释放, 发表, 引渡, 投递, 交付<br>[经] 交运</a> |  |  | 4.79
<b>hence</b> | hens | r. from this place<br>r. from this time | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hence>adv. 因此, 从此</a> |  |  | 4.48
<b>available</b> | ә'veilәbl | a. obtainable or accessible and ready for use or service<br>s. not busy; not otherwise committed<br>s. convenient for use or disposal | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/available>a. 可利用的, 可获得的, 有效的<br>[医] 有效的, 可得的</a> |  |  | 3.88
<b>anymore</b> | 'eni'mɔ: | r. at the present or from now on; usually used with a negative | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anymore>adv. 再也不, 不再</a> |  |  | 4.56
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince>Prince</a> 
<font size=3>
A prince is a male ruler (ranked below a king, grand prince, and grand duke) or a male member of a monarch's or former monarch's family. 　Prince is also a title of nobility (often highest), often hereditary, in some European states. 　The female equivalent is a princess. 　The English word derives, via the French word prince, from the Latin noun prīnceps, from primus (first) and caput (head), meaning "the first, foremost, the chief, most distinguished, noble ruler, prince".
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>prince</b> | prins | n. a male member of a royal family other than the sovereign (especially the son of a sovereign) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prince>n. 王子, 亲王, 国君, 贵族, 诸侯, 有权势的大人物</a> | prim, princ |  | 4.12
<b>grand</b> | grænd | s. large and impressive in physical size or extent<br>s. the most important and magnificent in adornment | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grand>a. 庄重的, 壮观的, 显赫的, 重大的, 最高的, 雄伟的, 宏大的, 豪华的, 傲慢的<br>[法] 重大的, 主要的, 伟大的</a> |  |  | 4.01
<b>duke</b> | dju:k | n. a British peer of the highest rank<br>n. a nobleman (in various countries) of high rank | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/duke>n. 公爵</a> |  |  | 4.34
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Husband>Husband</a> 
<font size=3>
A husband is a male in a marital relationship, who may also be referred to as a spouse. 　The rights and obligations of a husband regarding his spouse and others, and his status in the community and in law, vary between societies and cultures, and have varied over time. 　In monogamous cultures, there are only two parties to a marriage, which is enforced by laws against bigamy and polygamy. 　Traditionally, the husband was regarded as the head of the household and was expected to be the sole provider or breadwinner, a role that continues in some cultures (sometimes described as paternalistic). 　Today, a husband is not necessarily considered the breadwinner of the family, especially if his spouse has a more financially rewarding occupation or career. 　In such cases, it is not uncommon for a husband to be considered a stay-at-home father if the married couple have children. 　The term continues to be applied to such a man who has separated from his spouse and ceases to be applied to him only when his marriage has come to an end following a legally recognized divorce or the death of his spouse. 　On the death of his spouse, a husband is referred to as a widower; after a divorce a man may be referred to as the "ex-husband" of his former spouse.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>husband</b> | 'hʌzbәnd | n. a married man; a woman's partner in marriage | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/husband>n. 丈夫, 管理人, 节俭的人<br>vt. 节俭, 使成丈夫, 持有</a> |  |  | 4.12
<b>spouse</b> | spauz | n. a person's partner in marriage | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spouse>n. 配偶</a> |  |  | 5.42
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Airport>Airport</a> 
<font size=3>
An airport is an aerodrome with extended facilities, mostly for commercial air transport. 　Airports usually consist of a landing area, which comprises an aerially accessible open space including at least one operationally active surface such as a runway for a plane to take off and to land or a helipad, and often includes adjacent utility buildings such as control towers, hangars and terminals, to maintain and monitor aircraft. 　Larger airports may have airport aprons, taxiway bridges, air traffic control centres, passenger facilities such as restaurants and lounges, and emergency services. 　In some countries, the US in particular, airports also typically have one or more fixed-base operators, serving general aviation. 　Operating airports is extremely complicated, with a complex system of aircraft support services, passenger services, and aircraft control services contained within the operation. 　Thus airports can be major employers, as well as important hubs for tourism and other kinds of transit. 　Because they are sites of operation for heavy machinery, a number of regulations and safety measures have been implemented in airports, in order to reduce hazards. 　Additionally, airports have major local environmental impacts, as both large sources of air pollution, noise pollution and other environmental impacts, making them sites that acutely experience the environmental effects of aviation. 　Airports are also vulnerable infrastructure to extreme weather, climate change caused sea level rise and other disasters.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>airport</b> | 'єәpɒ:t | n. an airfield equipped with control tower and hangars as well as accommodations for passengers and cargo | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/airport>n. 飞机场<br>[机] 航空站, 机场</a> |  |  | 4.12
<b>aerodrome</b> | 'єәrәdrәum | n an airfield equipped with control tower and hangars as well as accommodations for passengers and cargo | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aerodrome>n. 飞机场, 机场</a> |  |  | 5.65
<b>extended</b> | ik'stendid | a. fully extended or stretched forth<br>s. beyond the literal or primary sense | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/extended>a. 延续的, 伸出的, 竭尽全力的, 广大的, 扩大范围的<br>[法] 展期的, 延期的, 延长的</a> |  | extend | 4.15
<b>commercial</b> | kә'mә:ʃәl | n. a commercially sponsored ad on radio or television<br>a. connected with or engaged in or sponsored by or used in commerce or commercial enterprises<br>a. of or relating to commercialism<br>s. of the kind or quality used in commerce; average or inferior | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/commercial>a. 商业的, 商用的, 商品化的<br>n. 商业广告节目</a> | -al2, -ial, -ual |  | 4.13
<b>transport</b> | træns'pɒ:t | n. an exchange of molecules (and their kinetic energy and momentum) across the boundary between adjacent layers of a fluid or across cell membranes<br>v. move something or somebody around; usually over long distances<br>v. move while supporting, either in a vehicle or in one's hands or on one's body<br>v. transport commercially | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transport>n. 运输, 运输工具, 激动, 狂喜, 流放犯<br>vt. 传送, 运输, 流放<br>[计] 传送</a> | tra-, trans- |  | 4.17
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glass>Glass</a> 
<font size=3>
Glass is a non-crystalline, often transparent, amorphous solid that has widespread practical, technological, and decorative use in, for example, window panes, tableware, and optics. 　Glass is most often formed by rapid cooling (quenching) of the molten form; some glasses such as volcanic glass are naturally occurring. 　The most familiar, and historically the oldest, types of manufactured glass are "silicate glasses" based on the chemical compound silica (silicon dioxide, or quartz), the primary constituent of sand. 　Soda–lime glass, containing around 70% silica, accounts for around 90% of manufactured glass. 　The term glass, in popular usage, is often used to refer only to this type of material, although silica-free glasses often have desirable properties for applications in modern communications technology. 　Some objects, such as drinking glasses and eyeglasses, are so commonly made of silicate-based glass that they are simply called by the name of the material. 　Despite being brittle, buried silicate glass will survive for very long periods if not disturbed, and many examples of glass fragments exist from early glassmaking cultures. 　Archaeological evidence suggests glassmaking dates back to at least 3,600 BC in Mesopotamia, Egypt, or Syria. 　The earliest known glass objects were beads, perhaps created accidentally during metalworking or the production of faience. 　Due to its ease of formability into any shape, glass has been traditionally used for vessels, such as bowls, vases, bottles, jars and drinking glasses. 　In its most solid forms, it has also been used for paperweights and marbles. 　Glass can be coloured by adding metal salts or painted and printed as enamelled glass. 　The refractive, reflective and transmission properties of glass make glass suitable for manufacturing optical lenses, prisms, and optoelectronics materials. 　Extruded glass fibres have application as optical fibres in communications networks, thermal insulating material when matted as glass wool so as to trap air, or in glass-fibre reinforced plastic (fibreglass).
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>transparent</b> | træns'pærәnt | s. easily understood or seen through (because of a lack of subtlety) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transparent>a. 透明的, 显然的, 清晰的<br>[计] 透明</a> | tra-, trans- |  | 5.13
<b>amorphous</b> | ә'mɒ:fәs | s. having no definite form or distinct shape<br>s. lacking the system or structure characteristic of living bodies<br>s. without real or apparent crystalline form | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amorphous>a. 无定形的, 无组织的<br>[化] 非晶形的; 无定形的</a> | -ous, -ious |  | 5.62
<b>technological</b> | .teknә'lɒdʒikl | s. based in scientific and industrial progress | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/technological>a. 技术的<br>[经] 工艺的, 技术的</a> | -al2, -ial, -ual |  | 4.99
<b>window</b> | 'windәu | n. a framework of wood or metal that contains a glass windowpane and is built into a wall or roof to admit light or air<br>n. a transparent opening in a vehicle that allow vision out of the sides or back; usually is capable of being opened<br>n. a transparent panel (as of an envelope) inserted in an otherwise opaque material<br>n. an opening that resembles a window in appearance or function | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/window>n. 窗户, 窗子, 窗口<br>vt. 给...开窗<br>[计] 窗口</a> |  |  | 4.15
<b>tableware</b> | 'teiblwєә | n. articles for use at the table (dishes and silverware and glassware) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tableware>n. 餐具</a> |  |  | 6.47
<b>optics</b> | 'ɒptiks | n. the branch of physics that studies the physical properties of light<br>n. optical properties | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/optics>n. 光学<br>[化] 光学</a> | -ics | optic | 5.23
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lady>Lady</a> 
<font size=3>
The word lady is a term for a girl or woman, with various connotations. 　Once used to describe only women of a high social class or status, the equivalent of lord, now it may refer to any adult woman, as gentleman can be used for men. 　Informal use is sometimes euphemistic ("lady of the night" for prostitute) or, in American slang, condescending in direct address (equivalent to "mister" or "man"). 　"Lady" is also a formal title in the United Kingdom. 　"Lady" is used before the family name of a woman with a title of nobility or honorary title suo jure (in her own right), or the wife of a lord, a baronet, Scottish feudal baron, laird, or a knight, and also before the first name of the daughter of a duke, marquess, or earl.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>lady</b> | 'leidi | n. a polite name for any woman<br>n. a woman of the peerage in Britain | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lady>n. 淑女, 夫人, 女士, 贵妇</a> |  |  | 4.13
<b>connotations</b> | kɒnə'teɪʃnz | n. what you must know in order to determine the reference of an expression<br>n. an idea that is implied or suggested | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/connotations>n. 含义( connotation的复数形式 ); 隐含意义; 言外之意; 内含</a> |  | connotation | 5.99
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Authority>Authority</a> 
<font size=3>
In the fields of sociology and political science, authority is the legitimate power of a person or group over other people. 　In a civil state, authority is practiced in ways such a judicial branch or an executive branch of government. 　In the exercise of governance, the terms authority and power are inaccurate synonyms. 　The term authority identifies the political legitimacy, which grants and justifies the ruler's right to exercise the power of government; and the term power identifies the ability to accomplish an authorized goal, either by compliance or by obedience; hence, authority is the power to make decisions and the legitimacy to make such legal decisions and order their execution.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>legitimate</b> | li'dʒitimәt | v. show or affirm to be just and legitimate<br>v. make (an illegitimate child) legitimate; declare the legitimacy of (someone)<br>a. of marriages and offspring; recognized as lawful<br>s. based on known statements or events or conditions | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/legitimate>a. 合法的, 正当的, 婚生的<br>vt. 认为正当, 立为嫡嗣, 使合法</a> | leg1 |  | 5.04
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Authority_(sociology)>Authority (sociology)</a> 
<font size=3>
In sociology, authority is the legitimate or socially approved power which one person or a group possesses and practices over another. 　The element of legitimacy is vital to the notion of authority and is the main means by which authority is distinguished from the more general concept of power. 　Power can be exerted by the use of force or violence. 　Authority, by contrast, depends on the acceptance by subordinates of the right of those above them to give them orders or directives.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>socially</b> | 'sәuʃәli | r. by or with respect to society<br>r. in a social manner | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/socially>adv. 在社会上, 在社交上, 以社会生活方式</a> |  |  | 5.26
<b>approved</b> | ә'pru:vd | s. established by authority; given authoritative approval | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/approved>a. 被认可的；经过检验的</a> |  | approve | 4.43
<b>possesses</b> | pəˈzesiz | n a temporary police force<br>v have as an attribute, knowledge, or skill<br>v have ownership or possession of<br>v enter into and control, as of emotions or ideas | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/possesses>v. 有( possess的第三人称单数 ); 具有; 占据; 感觉</a> |  | possess | 5.12
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chair>Chair</a> 
<font size=3>
A chair is a type of seat, typically designed for one person and consisting of one or more legs, a flat or slightly angled seat and a back-rest. 　They may be made of wood, metal, or synthetic materials, and may be padded or upholstered in various colors and fabrics. 　Chairs vary in design. 　An armchair has armrests fixed to the seat; a recliner is upholstered and features a mechanism that lowers the chair's back and raises into place a footrest; a rocking chair has legs fixed to two long curved slats; and a wheelchair has wheels fixed to an axis under the seat.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>chair</b> | tʃєә | n. a seat for one person, with a support for the back<br>n. a particular seat in an orchestra<br>v. act or preside as chair, as of an academic department in a university | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chair>n. 椅子, 显要的席位, 主席<br>vt. 使入座, 使就任要职</a> |  |  | 4.13
<b>seat</b> | si:t | n. a space reserved for sitting (as in a theater or on a train or airplane)<br>n. furniture that is designed for sitting on<br>n. any support where you can sit (especially the part of a chair or bench etc. on which you sit)<br>n. a center of authority (as a city from which authority is exercised) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seat>n. 座, 座位, 位子, 席位, 所在地<br>vt. 使坐下, 使就座, 为...设座于, 使就职<br>vi. 安装在底座上</a> |  |  | 4.01
<b>legs</b> | leɡz | n. staying power | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/legs>n. 木头支架；腿（leg的复数）</a> |  | leg | 4.23
<b>flat</b> | flæt | n. a level tract of land<br>n. a shallow box in which seedlings are started<br>n. a musical notation indicating one half step lower than the note named<br>n. a deflated pneumatic tire | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flat>a. 平坦的, 单调的, 无力的, 浅的, 萧条的, 干脆的, 无聊的<br>adv. 平直地, 断然地<br>n. 扁平物, 平面, 平地, 平原, 平板车<br>v. (使)变平</a> |  |  | 4.31
<b>slightly</b> | 'slaitli | r. to a small degree or extent | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slightly>adv. 些微地, 苗条地</a> |  |  | 4.24
<b>angled</b> | 'æŋ^ld | s. forming or set at an angle | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/angled>a. 有角的, 成角度的</a> |  | angle | 5.47
<b>back</b> | bæk | n. the posterior part of a human (or animal) body from the neck to the end of the spine<br>n. the part of something that is furthest from the normal viewer<br>n. (football) a person who plays in the backfield<br>n. the part of a garment that covers the back of your body | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/back>a. 后面的<br>vt. 使后退, 支持<br>vi. 倒退, 背靠<br>adv. 向后地<br>n. 背部, 后面</a> |  |  | 3.09
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eye>Eye</a> 
<font size=3>
Eyes are organs of the visual system. 　They provide living organisms with vision, the ability to receive and process visual detail, as well as enabling several photo response functions that are independent of vision. 　Eyes detect light and convert it into electro-chemical impulses in neurons (neurones). 　In higher organisms, the eye is a complex optical system which collects light from the surrounding environment, regulates its intensity through a diaphragm, focuses it through an adjustable assembly of lenses to form an image, converts this image into a set of electrical signals, and transmits these signals to the brain through complex neural pathways that connect the eye via the optic nerve to the visual cortex and other areas of the brain. 　Eyes with resolving power have come in ten fundamentally different forms, and 96% of animal species possess a complex optical system. 　Image-resolving eyes are present in molluscs, chordates and arthropods. 　The most simple eyes, pit eyes, are eye-spots which may be set into a pit to reduce the angle of light that enters and affects the eye-spot, to allow the organism to deduce the angle of incoming light. 　From more complex eyes, retinal photosensitive ganglion cells send signals along the retinohypothalamic tract to the suprachiasmatic nuclei to effect circadian adjustment and to the pretectal area to control the pupillary light reflex.
</font>

<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hour>Hour</a> 
<font size=3>
An hour (symbol: h; also abbreviated hr) is a unit of time conventionally reckoned as 1⁄24 of a day and scientifically reckoned between 3,599 and 3,601 seconds, depending on the speed of Earth's rotation. 　There are 60 minutes in an hour, and 24 hours in a day. 　The hour was initially established in the ancient Near East as a variable measure of 1⁄12 of the night or daytime. 　Such seasonal, temporal, or unequal hours varied by season and latitude. 　Equal or equinoctial hours were taken as 1⁄24 of the day as measured from noon to noon; the minor seasonal variations of this unit were eventually smoothed by making it 1⁄24 of the mean solar day. 　Since this unit was not constant due to long term variations in the Earth's rotation, the hour was finally separated from the Earth's rotation and defined in terms of the atomic or physical second. 　In the modern metric system, hours are an accepted unit of time defined as 3,600 atomic seconds. 　However, on rare occasions an hour may incorporate a positive or negative leap second, making it last 3,599 or 3,601 seconds, in order to keep it within 0.9 seconds of UT1, which is based on measurements of the mean solar day.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>conventionally</b> | kәn'venʃәnәli | r. in a conventional manner | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/conventionally>adv. 照惯例, 照常套, 照老例</a> |  |  | 5.81
<b>reckoned</b> | ˈrekənd | imp. & p. p. of Reckon | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reckoned>v. <正>计算( reckon的过去式和过去分词 ); 猜想; 考虑; <非正>思忖</a> |  | reckon | 5.63
<b>scientifically</b> | .saiәn'tifikәli | r. with respect to science; in a scientific way | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scientifically>adv. 合乎科学地, 学问上, 系统地</a> |  |  | 5.75
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comes>Comes</a> 
<font size=3>
Comes (/ˈkoʊmiːz/ KOH-meez), plural comites (/ˈkɒmɪtiːz/ KOM-i-teez), was a Roman title or office, and the origin Latin form of the medieval and modern title "count". 　Before becoming a word for various types of title or office, the word originally meant "companion", either individually or as a member of a collective denominated a "comitatus", especially the suite of a magnate, being in some instances sufficiently large and/or formal to justify specific denomination, e.g. a "cohors amicorum". 　"Comes" derives from "com-" ("with") and "ire" ("go").
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>origin</b> | 'ɒridʒin | n. properties attributable to your ancestry<br>n. an event that is a beginning; a first part or stage of subsequent events<br>n. the point of intersection of coordinate axes; where the values of the coordinates are all zero<br>n. the source of something's existence or from which it derives or is derived | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/origin>n. 起源, 起因, 出身, 开端<br>[计] 原点; 起始地址; 信件来源的相关数据</a> |  |  | 4.31
<b>medieval</b> | .medi'i:vl | a. relating to or belonging to the Middle Ages<br>s. as if belonging to the Middle Ages; old-fashioned and unenlightened | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/medieval>a. 中古的, 中世纪的</a> | medi |  | 4.58
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Train>Train</a> 
<font size=3>
A train (from Old French trahiner, from Latin trahere, "to pull, to draw") is a series of connected vehicles that run along a railway track and transport people or freight. 　Trains are typically pulled or pushed by locomotives (often known simply as "engines"), though some are self-propelled, such as multiple units. 　Passengers and cargo are carried in railroad cars, also known as wagons. 　Trains are designed to a certain gauge, or distance between rails. 　Most trains operate on steel tracks with steel wheels, the low friction of which makes them more efficient than other forms of transport. 　Trains have their roots in wagonways, which used railway tracks and were powered by horses or pulled by cables. 　Following the invention of the steam locomotive in the United Kingdom in 1804, trains rapidly spread around the world, allowing freight and passengers to move over land faster and cheaper than ever possible before. 　Rapid transit and trams were first built in the late 1800s to transport large numbers of people in and around cities. 　Beginning in the 1920s, and accelerating following World War II, diesel and electric locomotives replaced steam as the means of motive power. 　Following the development of cars, trucks, and extensive networks of highways which offered greater mobility, as well as faster airplanes, trains declined in importance and market share, and many rail lines were abandoned. 　The spread of buses led to the closure of many rapid transit and tram systems during this time as well. 　Since the 1970s, governments, environmentalists, and train advocates have promoted increased use of trains due to their greater fuel efficiency and lower greenhouse gas emissions compared to other modes of land transport. 　High-speed rail, first built in the 1960s, has proven competitive with cars and planes over short to medium distances. 　Commuter rail has grown in importance since the 1970s as an alternative to congested highways and a means to promote development, as has light rail in the 21st century. 　Freight trains remain important for the transport of bulk commodities such as coal and grain, as well as being a means of reducing road traffic congestion by freight trucks. 　While conventional trains operate on relatively flat tracks with two rails, a number of specialized trains exist which are significantly different in their mode of operation. 　Monorails operate on a single rail, while funiculars and rack railways are uniquely designed to traverse steep slopes. 　Experimental trains such as high speed maglevs, which use magnetic levitation to float above a guideway, are under development in the 2020s and offer higher speeds than even the fastest conventional trains. 　Development of trains which use alternative fuels such as natural gas and hydrogen is another 21st century development.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>train</b> | trein | n. public transport provided by a line of railway cars coupled together and drawn by a locomotive<br>n. a series of consequences wrought by an event<br>n. piece of cloth forming the long back section of a gown that is drawn along the floor<br>v. create by training and teaching | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/train>n. 火车, 列车, 行列, 长队, 一连串的后果, 顺序<br>vt. 训练, 教育, 对准<br>vi. 受训练, 锻炼</a> |  |  | 4.13
<b>pull</b> | pul | n. the act of pulling; applying force to move something toward or with you<br>n. the force used in pulling<br>n. special advantage or influence<br>n. a device used for pulling something | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pull>vt. 拉, 拖, 拔, 牵, 撕开, 吸引<br>vi. 拉, 拖, 拔, 有吸引力<br>n. 拉, 拖, 拔, 拉力, 牵引力, 划船, 吸引</a> |  |  | 4.40
<b>draw</b> | drɒ: | n. a gully that is shallower than a ravine<br>n. the finish of a contest in which the score is tied and the winner is undecided<br>n. anything (straws or pebbles etc.) taken or chosen at random<br>n. a playing card or cards dealt or taken from the pack | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/draw>vi. 拉, 拖, 拔剑<br>vt. 拖拉, 挨近, 领取, 打成平局, 引导, 抽签决定, 画, 描写, 制订, 草拟, 吸引<br>n. 拉, 拖, 拔出, 抽签, 平局<br>[计] 翻牌, 绘图</a> |  |  | 4.35
<b>run</b> | rʌn | n. a score in baseball made by a runner touching all four bases safely<br>n. (American football) a play in which a player attempts to carry the ball through or past the opposing team<br>n. a regular trip<br>n. the act of running; traveling on foot at a fast pace | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/run>n. 跑, 赛跑, 奔跑, 奔跑的路程, 趋向, 流出, 运转时间, 连续<br>vi. 跑, 奔跑, 跑步, 赛跑, 竞赛, 行驶, 运转, 进行, 蔓延<br>vt. 使跑, 参赛, 追究, 驾驶, 开动, 管理, 经营, 使流出, 运行<br>a. 熔化的, 融化的, 浇铸的<br>run的过去式和过去分词<br>[计] 运行</a> |  |  | 3.75
<b>railway</b> | 'reilwei | n. line that is the commercial organization responsible for operating a system of transportation for trains that pull passengers or freight | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/railway>n. 铁路, 轨道<br>[经] 铁路</a> |  |  | 3.90
<b>track</b> | træk | n. a pair of parallel rails providing a runway for wheels<br>n. an endless metal belt on which tracked vehicles move over the ground<br>n. (computer science) one of the circular magnetic paths on a magnetic disk that serve as a guide for writing and reading data<br>n. a groove on a phonograph recording | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/track>n. 轨迹, 足迹, 径迹, 小道, 轨道, 磁轨, 途径<br>vt. 循路而行, 追踪, 通过, 用纤拉<br>vi. 追踪, 留下足迹, 沿轨道运行<br>[计] 跟踪</a> |  |  | 3.95
<b>freight</b> | 'freit | n. transporting goods commercially at rates cheaper than express rates<br>n. the charge for transporting something by common carrier<br>v. transport commercially as cargo<br>v. load with goods for transportation | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freight>n. 船货, 运费, 货运<br>vt. 装货, 使充满, 以货运运送, 租(或出租)(船等)</a> |  |  | 4.89
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Necessary>Necessary</a> 
<font size=3>
Look up necessary or necessity in Wiktionary, the free dictionary. 　Necessary or necessity may refer to: Need An action somebody may feel they must do An important task or essential thing to do at a particular time or by a particular moment Necessary and sufficient condition, in logic, something that is a required condition for something else to be the case Necessary proposition, in logic, a statement about facts that is either unassailably true (tautology) or obviously false (contradiction) Metaphysical necessity, in philosophy, a truth which is true in all possible worlds Necessity in modal logic Necessity good in economics Law Doctrine of necessity, a concept in constitutional law Military necessity, a concept in international law Necessity (criminal law), a defence in criminal law Necessity (tort), a concept in the law of tort A necessity in contract law Other Necessity.　, a poem by Letitia Elizabeth Landon being part of Three Extracts from the Diary of a Week, 1837. 　"Necessary" (song), by Every Little Thing, 1998 A bathroom or toilet, in some languages (in English this is an archaic usage) An economic need enunciated by US President Franklin D. Roosevelt in his 1944 Second Bill of Rights Necessity (novel), of 2016 by Jo Walton Necessary Records, UK record label
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>necessity</b> | ni'sesәti | n. the condition of being essential or indispensable<br>n. anything indispensable | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/necessity>n. 需要, 必需品, 必然<br>[法] 必要性, 必然性, 必要</a> |  |  | 4.94
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metal>Metal</a> 
<font size=3>
A metal (from Greek μέταλλον métallon, "mine, quarry, metal") is a material that, when freshly prepared, polished, or fractured, shows a lustrous appearance, and conducts electricity and heat relatively well. 　Metals are typically ductile (can be drawn into wires) and malleable (they can be hammered into thin sheets). 　These properties are the result of the metallic bond between the atoms or molecules of the metal. 　A metal may be a chemical element such as iron; an alloy such as stainless steel; or a molecular compound such as polymeric sulfur nitride. 　In physics, a metal is generally regarded as any substance capable of conducting electricity at a temperature of absolute zero. 　Many elements and compounds that are not normally classified as metals become metallic under high pressures. 　For example, the nonmetal iodine gradually becomes a metal at a pressure of between 40 and 170 thousand times atmospheric pressure. 　Equally, some materials regarded as metals can become nonmetals. 　Sodium, for example, becomes a nonmetal at pressure of just under two million times atmospheric pressure. 　In chemistry, two elements that would otherwise qualify (in physics) as brittle metals—arsenic and antimony—are commonly instead recognised as metalloids due to their chemistry (predominantly non-metallic for arsenic, and balanced between metallicity and nonmetallicity for antimony). 　Around 95 of the 118 elements in the periodic table are metals (or are likely to be such). 　The number is inexact as the boundaries between metals, nonmetals, and metalloids fluctuate slightly due to a lack of universally accepted definitions of the categories involved. 　In astrophysics the term "metal" is cast more widely to refer to all chemical elements in a star that are heavier than helium, and not just traditional metals. 　In this sense the first four "metals" collecting in stellar cores through nucleosynthesis are carbon, nitrogen, oxygen, and neon, all of which are strictly non-metals in chemistry. 　A star fuses lighter atoms, mostly hydrogen and helium, into heavier atoms over its lifetime. 　Used in that sense, the metallicity of an astronomical object is the proportion of its matter made up of the heavier chemical elements. 　Metals, as chemical elements, comprise 25% of the Earth's crust and are present in many aspects of modern life. 　The strength and resilience of some metals has led to their frequent use in, for example, high-rise building and bridge construction, as well as most vehicles, many home appliances, tools, pipes, and railroad tracks. 　Precious metals were historically used as coinage, but in the modern era, coinage metals have extended to at least 23 of the chemical elements. 　The history of refined metals is thought to begin with the use of copper about 11,000 years ago. 　Gold, silver, iron (as meteoric iron), lead, and brass were likewise in use before the first known appearance of bronze in the fifth millennium BCE. 　Subsequent developments include the production of early forms of steel; the discovery of sodium—the first light metal—in 1809; the rise of modern alloy steels; and, since the end of World War II, the development of more sophisticated alloys.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>metal</b> | 'metәl | v. cover with metal | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/metal>n. 金属, 金属制品, 合金, 本质, 质料<br>a. 金属制的<br>vt. 以金属覆盖</a> |  |  | 4.13
<b>mine</b> | main | n. excavation in the earth from which ores and minerals are extracted<br>n. explosive device that explodes on contact; designed to destroy vehicles or ships or to kill or maim personnel<br>v. get from the earth by excavation<br>v. lay mines | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mine>n. 矿, 矿藏, 地雷<br>vt. 挖掘, 开采, 在...布雷, 破坏<br>vi. 开矿, 埋设地雷<br>pron. 我的</a> |  |  | 4.09
<b>quarry</b> | 'kwɒri | v. extract (something such as stones) from or as if from a quarry | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/quarry>n. 采石场, 方形石, 猎物, 被追求物, 来源<br>vt. 挖出, 努力挖掘<br>vi. 费力地找</a> |  |  | 5.20
<b>prepared</b> | pri'pєәd | a. made ready or fit or suitable beforehand<br>s. equipped or prepared with necessary intellectual resources | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prepared>a. 准备好的, 特制的</a> |  | prepare | 4.42
<b>polished</b> | 'pɒliʃt | a. perfected or made shiny and smooth<br>s. showing a high degree of refinement and the assurance that comes from wide social experience | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polished>a. 擦亮的, 优雅的, 精良的</a> |  | polish | 5.21
<b>lustrous</b> | 'lʌstrәs | s. brilliant | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lustrous>a. 有光泽的, 光辉的</a> | -ous, -ious |  | 6.34
<b>conducts</b> | kənˈdʌkts | n manner of acting or controlling yourself<br>n (behavioral attributes) the way a person behaves toward other people<br>v direct the course of; manage or control<br>v lead, as in the performance of a composition; Barenboim conducted the Chicago symphony for years"<br>v behave in a certain manner<br>v take somebody somewhere<br>v transmit or serve as the medium for transmission<br>v lead musicians in the performance of | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/conducts>n. 举止( conduct的名词复数 ); 行为; 管理（方式）; 实施（方式）<br>v. 引导( conduct的第三人称单数 ); 带领; 控制; 传导</a> |  | conduct | 5.42
<b>electricity</b> | .ilek'trisiti | n. a physical phenomenon associated with stationary or moving electrons and protons<br>n. energy made available by the flow of electric charge through a conductor<br>n. keen and shared excitement | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/electricity>n. 电, 电流, 电学, 热情, 电力供应<br>[化] 电学; 电</a> |  | electricity | 4.68
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Code>Code</a> 
<font size=3>
In communications and information processing, code is a system of rules to convert information—such as a letter, word, sound, image, or gesture—into another form, sometimes shortened or secret, for communication through a communication channel or storage in a storage medium. 　An early example is an invention of language, which enabled a person, through speech, to communicate what they thought, saw, heard, or felt to others. 　But speech limits the range of communication to the distance a voice can carry and limits the audience to those present when the speech is uttered. 　The invention of writing, which converted spoken language into visual symbols, extended the range of communication across space and time. 　The process of encoding converts information from a source into symbols for communication or storage. 　Decoding is the reverse process, converting code symbols back into a form that the recipient understands, such as English or/and Spanish. 　One reason for coding is to enable communication in places where ordinary plain language, spoken or written, is difficult or impossible. 　For example, semaphore, where the configuration of flags held by a signaler or the arms of a semaphore tower encodes parts of the message, typically individual letters, and numbers. 　Another person standing a great distance away can interpret the flags and reproduce the words sent.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>convert</b> | kәn'vә:t | n. a person who has been converted to another religious or political belief<br>v. change from one system to another or to a new plan or policy<br>v. change the nature, purpose, or function of something<br>v. change religious beliefs, or adopt a religious belief | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convert>n. 皈依者, 改变宗教信仰者<br>vt. 使改变信仰, 转换, 兑换, 倒置<br>vi. 皈依<br>[计] 转换</a> | vers, vert |  | 5.00
<b>gesture</b> | 'dʒestʃә | n. motion of hands or body to emphasize or help to express a thought or feeling<br>n. the use of movements (especially of the hands) to communicate familiar or prearranged signals<br>n. something done as an indication of intention | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gesture>n. 手势, 姿态<br>vi. 作手势, 作姿态</a> |  |  | 4.97
<b>secret</b> | 'si:krit | n. something that should remain hidden from others (especially information that is not to be passed on)<br>n. information known only to a special group<br>s. not open or public; kept private or not revealed<br>s. communicated covertly | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/secret>n. 秘密, 机密, 秘诀, 秘方<br>a. 秘密的, 极机密的, 隐蔽的, 暗中的, 神秘的, 偏僻的</a> |  |  | 4.23
<b>channel</b> | 'tʃænәl | n. a path over which electrical signals can pass<br>n. a passage for water (or other fluids) to flow through<br>n. a deep and relatively narrow body of water (as in a river or a harbor or a strait linking two larger bodies) that allows the best passage for vessels<br>n. (often plural) a means of communication or access | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/channel>n. 海峡, 航道, 频道<br>vt. 引导, 在...上挖沟, 形成河道<br>[计] 信道, 通道</a> |  |  | 4.03
<b>storage</b> | 'stɒ:ridʒ | n. the act of storing something<br>n. the commercial enterprise of storing goods and materials<br>n. (computer science) the process of storing information in a computer memory or on a magnetic tape or disk | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/storage>n. 存储器, 储藏, 保管, 库存, 仓库<br>[计] 存放处; 存储</a> | -age |  | 4.53
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ice>Ice</a> 
<font size=3>
Ice is water frozen into a solid state, typically forming at or below temperatures of 0 degrees Celsius or 32 °F (0 °C; 273 K) Depending on the presence of impurities such as particles of soil or bubbles of air, it can appear transparent or a more or less opaque bluish-white color. 　In the Solar System, ice is abundant and occurs naturally from as close to the Sun as Mercury to as far away as the Oort cloud objects. 　Beyond the Solar System, it occurs as interstellar ice. 　It is abundant on Earth's surface – particularly in the polar regions and above the snow line – and, as a common form of precipitation and deposition, plays a key role in Earth's water cycle and climate. 　It falls as snowflakes and hail or occurs as frost, icicles or ice spikes and aggregates from snow as glaciers and ice sheets. 　Ice exhibits at least eighteen phases (packing geometries), depending on temperature and pressure. 　When water is cooled rapidly (quenching), up to three types of amorphous ice can form depending on its history of pressure and temperature. 　When cooled slowly, correlated proton tunneling occurs below −253.15 °C (20 K, −423.67 °F) giving rise to macroscopic quantum phenomena. 　Virtually all ice on Earth's surface and in its atmosphere is of a hexagonal crystalline structure denoted as ice Ih (spoken as "ice one h") with minute traces of cubic ice, denoted as ice Ic and, more recently found, Ice VII inclusions in diamonds. 　The most common phase transition to ice Ih occurs when liquid water is cooled below 0 °C (273.15 K, 32 °F) at standard atmospheric pressure. 　It may also be deposited directly by water vapor, as happens in the formation of frost. 　The transition from ice to water is melting and from ice directly to water vapor is sublimation. 　Ice is used in a variety of ways, including for cooling, for winter sports, and ice sculpting.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>ice</b> | ais | n. water frozen in the solid state<br>n. the frozen part of a body of water<br>n. diamonds<br>n. a frozen dessert with fruit flavoring (especially one containing no milk) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ice>n. 冰, 冰淇淋, 糖衣, 冷若冰霜, 矜持, 贿赂<br>vt. 使结冰, 冰镇, 覆以糖衣<br>vi. 结冰</a> |  |  | 4.14
<b>frozen</b> | 'frәuzn | a. turned into ice; affected by freezing or by long and severe cold<br>s. absolutely still<br>s. not thawed<br>s. not convertible to cash | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/frozen>a. 冻结的, 冰冷的, 严寒的, 冻伤的, 冷酷的<br>freeze的过去分词</a> |  | freeze | 4.85
<b>forming</b> | 'fɔ:miŋ | v create (as an entity)<br>v to compose or represent:"This wall forms the background of the stage setting"<br>v develop into a distinctive entity<br>v give shape or form to<br>v make something, usually for a specific function<br>v establish or impress firmly in the mind<br>v assume a form or shape | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/forming>[电] 形成</a> |  | form | 4.49
<b>temperatures</b> | 'temprətʃəz | n. the degree of hotness or coldness of a body or environment (corresponding to its molecular activity)<br>n. the somatic sensation of cold or heat | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/temperatures>n. 温度( temperature的复数形式 ); 气温; 高烧; 发烧</a> |  | temperature | 4.59
<b>0</b> | ˈziːroʊ | n a mathematical element that when added to another number yields the same number<br>s indicating the absence of any or all units under consideration | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/0>zero</a> |  |  | 3.55
<b>celsius</b> | 'selsiәs | n. Swedish astronomer who devised the centigrade thermometer (1701-1744) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/celsius>a. 摄氏的</a> |  |  | 5.91
<b>F</b> | ef | n. the 6th letter of the Roman alphabet | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/F>[计] 故障, 假, 法拉, 字段, 标记, 特征, 分数, 频率, 函数, 功能</a> |  |  | 3.72
<b>C</b> | si: | n. a general-purpose programing language closely associated with the UNIX operating system<br>n. (music) the keynote of the scale of C major<br>n. the 3rd letter of the Roman alphabet | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C>[计] 调用, 访问, 呼叫, 电容, 进位, 通道, 字符, 清除, 常数, 控制, 周期<br>[化] 碳的化学符号; 胞苷</a> |  |  | 3.40
<b>soil</b> | sɒil | n. the part of the earth's surface consisting of humus and disintegrated rock | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soil>n. 土壤, 土地, 国家, 国土, 温床, 污物, 粪便, 水池<br>vt. 弄脏, 污辱<br>vi. 变脏</a> |  |  | 4.58
<b>appear</b> | ә'piә | v. come into sight or view<br>v. be issued or published<br>v. seem to be true, probable, or apparent<br>v. come into being or existence, or appear on the scene | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/appear>vi. 出现, 显得, 来到<br>[法] 出庭, 到案, 出现</a> |  |  | 4.15
<b>opaque</b> | әu'peik | a. not transmitting or reflecting light or radiant energy; impenetrable to sight<br>s. not clearly understood or expressed | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opaque>n. 不透明物<br>a. 不透明的, 不传热的, 不传导的, 阴暗的<br>[计] 白底</a> |  |  | 5.68
<b>bluish</b> | 'bluiʃ | s of the color intermediate between green and violet; having a color similar to that of a clear unclouded sky | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bluish>a. 带蓝色的</a> |  |  | 5.74
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Majority>Majority</a> 
<font size=3>
Look up majority in Wiktionary, the free dictionary. 　A majority, also called a simple majority or absolute majority to distinguish it from related terms, is more than half of the total. 　It is a subset of a set consisting of more than half of the set's elements. 　For example, if a group consists of 20 individuals, a majority would be 11 or more individuals, while having 10 or fewer individuals would not constitute a majority. 　"Majority" can be used to specify the voting requirement, as in a "majority vote", which means more than half of the votes cast. 　A majority can be compared to a plurality (sometimes called relative majority), which is a subset larger than any other subset but not necessarily larger than all other subsets combined, and not necessarily greater than half of the set. 　For example, if there is a group with 20 members which is divided into subgroups with 9, 6, and 5 members, then the 9-member group would be the plurality. 　A plurality is not necessarily a majority as the largest subset considered may consist of less than half the set's elements. 　This can occur when there are three or more possible choices. 　The (absolute) majority is sometimes referred to as a "simple" majority, compared to a supermajority (a majority requirement above 50%, like a 2/3 requirement), however use of this term is inconsistent as it sometimes refers to a mere plurality (as opposed to an absolute majority). 　In British English the term "majority" is also alternatively used to refer to the winning margin, i.e., the number of votes separating the first-place finisher from the second-place finisher. 　Other related terms containing the word "majority" have their own meanings, which may sometimes be inconsistent in usage.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>majority</b> | mә'dʒɒriti | n. the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part<br>n. (elections) more than half of the votes<br>n. the age at which persons are considered competent to manage their own affairs | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/majority>n. 多数, 大半<br>[计] 多数逻辑</a> | magn, magna, magni, maj |  | 4.14
</font>
<br>



