## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Join_(topology)>Join (topology)</a> 
<font size=3>
In topology, a field of mathematics, the join of two topological spaces A {\displaystyle A} and B {\displaystyle B} , often denoted by A ∗ B {\displaystyle A\ast B} or A ⋆ B {\displaystyle A\star B} , is a topological space formed by taking the disjoint union of the two spaces, and attaching line segments joining every point in A {\displaystyle A} to every point in B {\displaystyle B} .
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>join</b> | dʒɒin | v. become part of; become a member of a group or organization<br>v. cause to become joined or linked<br>v. come into the company of<br>v. make contact or come together | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/join>vi. 参加, 结合, 加入<br>vt. 连接, 结合, 参加, 加入<br>n. 连接, 结合, 接合点<br>[计] 连接; 汇合指令</a> |  |  | 4.25
<b>denoted</b> | diˈnəutid | imp. & p. p. of Denote | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/denoted>v. 为…的符号( denote的过去式和过去分词 ); 为…的名称; 指示; 指出</a> |  | denote | 5.35
<b>disjoint</b> | dis'dʒɒint | v. separate at the joints<br>s. having no elements in common | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/disjoint>v. (使)脱节, (使)解体, (使)脱臼</a> |  |  | 5.62
<b>joining</b> | 'dʒɔiniŋ | n. the act of bringing two things into contact (especially for communication) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joining>n. 接缝；连接；连接物</a> |  | join | 4.53
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corps>Corps</a> 
<font size=3>
Corps (/kɔːr/; plural corps /kɔːrz/; from French corps, from the Latin corpus "body") is a term used for several different kinds of organization. 　A military innovation by Napoleon I, the formation was first named as such in 1805. 　The size of a corps varies greatly, but two to five divisions and anywhere from 40,000 to 80,000 are the numbers stated by the US Department of Defense. 　Within military terminology a corps may be: an operational formation, sometimes known as a field corps, which consists of two or more divisions, such as the Corps d'armée, later known as I Corps ("First Corps") of Napoleon I's Grande Armée); an administrative corps (or mustering) – that is a specialized branch of a military service (such as an artillery corps, a armoured corps, a medical corps, or a force of military police) or; in some cases, a distinct service within a national military (such as the United States Marine Corps). 　These usages often overlap. 　Corps may also be a generic term for a non-military organization, such as the US Peace Corps and European Solidarity Corps.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>corps</b> | kɒ: | n. an army unit usually consisting of two or more divisions and their support<br>n. a body of people associated together | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corps>n. 军, 队, 部队, 兵种<br>[医] 对, 团; 体, 物体</a> | corp, corpo, corpor, corpus | corps | 4.25
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spain>Spain</a> 
<font size=3>
Coordinates: 40°N 4°W﻿ / ﻿40°N 4°W﻿ / 40; -4 Spain (Spanish: España, [esˈpaɲa] (listen)), or the Kingdom of Spain (Reino de España), is a country primarily located in southwestern Europe with parts of territory in the Atlantic Ocean and across the Mediterranean Sea. 　The largest part of Spain is situated on the Iberian Peninsula; its territory also includes the Canary Islands in the Atlantic Ocean, the Balearic Islands in the Mediterranean Sea, and the autonomous cities of Ceuta and Melilla in Africa. 　The country's mainland is bordered to the south by Gibraltar; to the south and east by the Mediterranean Sea; to the north by France, Andorra and the Bay of Biscay; and to the west by Portugal and the Atlantic Ocean. 　With an area of 505,990 km2 (195,360 sq mi), Spain is the second-largest country in the European Union (EU) and, with a population exceeding 47.4 million, the fourth-most populous EU member state. 　Spain's capital and largest city is Madrid; other major urban areas include Barcelona, Valencia, Seville, Zaragoza, Málaga, Murcia, Palma de Mallorca, Las Palmas de Gran Canaria and Bilbao. 　Anatomically modern humans first arrived in the Iberian Peninsula around 42,000 years ago. 　The ancient Iberian and Celtic tribes, along with other local pre-Roman peoples, dwelled the territory maintaining contacts with foreign Mediterranean cultures. 　The Roman conquest and colonization of the peninsula (Hispania) ensued, bringing the Romanization of the population. 　The fall of the Western Roman Empire ushered in the migration into Iberia of tribes from Central and Northern Europe with the Visigoths as the dominant power in the peninsula by the fifth century. 　In the early eighth century, most of the peninsula was conquered by the Umayyad Caliphate, and during early Islamic rule, Al-Andalus became a dominant peninsular power centered in Córdoba. 　Several Christian kingdoms emerged in Northern Iberia, chief among them León, Castile, Aragon, Portugal, and Navarre made an intermittent southward military expansion, known as Reconquista, repelling the Islamic rule in Iberia, which culminated with the Christian seizure of the Nasrid Kingdom of Granada in 1492. 　Jews and Muslims were forced to choose between conversion to Catholicism or expulsion, and eventually the converts were expelled through different royal decrees. 　The dynastic union of the Crown of Castile and the Crown of Aragon in 1479, often considered the formation of Spain as a country, was followed by the annexation of Navarre and the incorporation of Portugal during the Iberian Union. 　A major country of the Age of Discovery, Spain began the colonization of the New World in 1492 developing one of the largest empires in history and underpinned the emergence of a global trading system primarily fuelled by precious metals. 　Centralisation and further state-building in mainland Spain ensued in the 18th century with the Bourbon reforms. 　In the 19th century the Crown saw the independence of its American colonies as a result of cumulative crises and political divisions after the Peninsular War. 　Political instability reached its peak in the 20th century with the Spanish Civil War, giving rise to the Francoist dictatorship that lasted until 1975. 　With the restoration of democracy under the Constitution of Spain and the entry into the European Union, the country experienced profound economic, political and social change. 　The so-called Siglo de Oro was a period of flourishing in arts and literature in Spain, coinciding with the political rise of the Spanish Empire under the Catholic Monarchs and the Spanish Habsburgs. 　As such, Spanish art, music, literature and cuisine have been influential worldwide, particularly in Western Europe and the Americas. 　As a reflection of its large cultural wealth, Spain has one of the world's largest numbers of World Heritage Sites and is the world's second-most visited country. 　Its cultural influence extends over 570 million Hispanophones, making Spanish language the world's second-most spoken native language and the world's most widely spoken Romance language. 　Spain is a highly developed country, a secular parliamentary democracy and a constitutional monarchy, with King Felipe VI as head of state. 　It is a high-income country and an advanced economy, with the world's sixteenth-largest economy by nominal GDP and the sixteenth-largest by PPP. 　Spain has the twelfth-highest life expectancy in the world. 　It ranks particularly high in healthcare quality, with its healthcare system considered to be one of the most efficient worldwide. 　It is a world leader in organ transplants and organ donation. 　Spain is a member of the United Nations, the European Union, the Eurozone, the Council of Europe (CoE), de facto member of the G20, the Organization of Ibero-American States (OEI), the Union for the Mediterranean, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE), the World Trade Organization (WTO), and many other international organisations.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>Spain</b> | spein | n. a parliamentary monarchy in southwestern Europe on the Iberian Peninsula; a former colonial power | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spain>n. 西班牙</a> |  |  | 4.25
<b>de</b> | di: | n a Mid-Atlantic state; one of the original 13 colonies | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/de>[化] 非对映体过量<br>[医] 铥(69号元素铥的别名,1916年Eder离得的假想元素)</a> |  |  | 3.36
<b>southwestern</b> | sauθ'westәn | n. a dialect of Middle English<br>s. of a region of the United States generally including New Mexico; Arizona; Texas; California; and sometimes Nevada; Utah; Colorado | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/southwestern>a. 西南的, 向西南的, 来自西南的, 西南部的</a> |  |  | 4.92
<b>Mediterranean</b> | .meditә'reiniәn | n. the largest inland sea; between Europe and Africa and Asia<br>a. of or relating to or characteristic of or located near the Mediterranean Sea | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mediterranean>n. 地中海, 地中海民族<br>a. 地中海的, 地中海民族的</a> |  |  | 4.75
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Candidate>Candidate</a> 
<font size=3>
A candidate, or nominee, is the prospective recipient of an award or honor, or a person seeking or being considered for some kind of position; for example: to be elected to an office — in this case a candidate selection procedure occurs. 　to receive membership in a group "Nomination" is part of the process of selecting a candidate for either election to an office by a political party, or the bestowing of an honor or award. 　This person is called a "nominee", though nominee often is used interchangeably with "candidate". 　A presumptive nominee is a person or organization believes that the nomination is inevitable or likely. 　The act of being a candidate in a race for either a party nomination or for electoral office is called a "candidacy". 　Presumptive candidate may be used to describe someone who is predicted to be a formal candidate.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>candidate</b> | 'kændideit | n. someone who is considered for something (for an office or prize or honor etc.) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/candidate>n. 候选人, 投考者<br>[法] 候选, 候补者</a> |  |  | 4.25
<b>nominee</b> | .nɒmi'ni: | n a politician who is running for public office | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nominee>n. 被提名者, 被任命者<br>[经] 被指定人</a> |  |  | 5.03
<b>prospective</b> | prәs'pektiv | a. of or concerned with or related to the future | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prospective>a. 预期的, 将来的<br>[经] 预期的, 未来的</a> | pro-1 |  | 5.35
<b>honor</b> | 'ɒnә | n. the state of being honored<br>n. the quality of being honorable and having a good name<br>n. a woman's virtue or chastity | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/honor>n. 荣誉, 头衔, 信用, 尊敬, 名誉, 阁下, 勋章<br>vt. 尊敬, 授予荣誉, 承兑, 实践</a> |  |  | 4.32
<b>kind</b> | kaind | n. a category of things distinguished by some common characteristic or quality<br>a. having or showing a tender and considerate and helpful nature; used especially of persons and their behavior<br>s. agreeable, conducive to comfort<br>s. tolerant and forgiving under provocation | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kind>n. 种类, 性质, 方式<br>a. 亲切的, 仁慈的, 和蔼的</a> |  |  | 3.92
<b>elected</b> | i'lektid | v select by a vote for an office or membership<br>v choose<br>a subject to popular election | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elected>vt. 选举, 推选</a> |  | elect | 3.92
<b>case</b> | keis | n. an occurrence of something<br>n. the actual state of things<br>n. a portable container for carrying several objects<br>n. a person requiring professional services | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/case>n. 情形, 情况, 箱, 容器, 事实, 病例, 案例, 框子<br>vt. 装箱, 包盖</a> |  |  | 3.60
<b>procedure</b> | prә'si:dʒә | n. a particular course of action intended to achieve a result<br>n. a mode of conducting legal and parliamentary proceedings | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/procedure>n. 程序, 过程, 手续<br>[计] 规程; 过程</a> | pro-1 |  | 4.54
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Behavior>Behavior</a> 
<font size=3>
Behavior (American English) or behaviour (British English) is the range of actions and mannerisms made by individuals, organisms, systems or artificial entities in some environment. 　These systems can include other systems or organisms as well as the inanimate physical environment. 　It is the computed response of the system or organism to various stimuli or inputs, whether internal or external, conscious or subconscious, overt or covert, and voluntary or involuntary. 　Taking a behavior informatics perspective, a behavior consists of actor, operation, interactions, and their properties. 　This can be represented as a behavior vector.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>mannerisms</b> | 'mænərɪz(ə)m | n. a behavioral attribute that is distinctive and peculiar to an individual<br>n. a deliberate pretense or exaggerated display | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mannerisms>n. 特殊习惯；矫揉造作；怪癖</a> |  | mannerism | 6.09
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sitting>Sitting</a> 
<font size=3>
Sitting is a basic action and resting position in which the body weight is supported primarily by the bony ischial tuberosities with the buttocks in contact with the ground or a horizontal surface such as a chair seat, instead of by the lower limbs as in standing, squatting or kneeling. 　When sitting, the torso is more or less upright, although sometimes it can lean against other objects for a more relaxed posture. 　Sitting for much of the day may pose significant health risks, with one study suggesting people who sit regularly for prolonged periods may have higher mortality rates than those who do not. 　The average person sits down for 4.7 hours per day, according to a global review representing 47% of the global adult population. 　The form of kneeling where the buttocks sit back on the heels, for example as in the Seiza and Vajrasana postures, is also often interpreted as sitting.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>sitting</b> | 'sitiŋ | n. (photography) the act of assuming a certain position (as for a photograph or portrait)<br>n. the act of assuming or maintaining a seated position<br>n. a session as of a legislature or court | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sitting>n. 入席, 就坐, 开庭, 孵卵<br>a. 坐着的, 就座的, 在职的, 在孵卵中的, 易被击中的</a> |  | sit | 4.25
<b>resting</b> | 'restiŋ | v not move; be in a resting position<br>v take a short break from one's activities in order to relax<br>v give a rest to<br>v have a place in relation to something else<br>v be at rest<br>v stay the same; remain in a certain state<br>v be inherent or innate in; <br>v put something in a resting position, as for support or steadying<br>v sit, as on a branch<br>v rest on or as if on a pillow<br>v be inactive, refrain from acting | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/resting>a. 静止的；休眠的</a> |  | rest | 4.90
<b>weight</b> | weit | n. the vertical force exerted by a mass as a result of gravity<br>n. sports equipment used in calisthenic exercises and weightlifting; it is not attached to anything and is raised and lowered by use of the hands and arms<br>n. the relative importance granted to something<br>n. an artifact that is heavy | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/weight>n. 重, 重量, 体重, 砝码, 重大, 影响, 力量<br>vt. 加重量于, 压迫, 使加权, 称重量<br>[计] 粗细</a> |  |  | 4.26
<b>bony</b> | 'bәuni | s. very thin especially from disease or hunger or cold<br>a. having bones especially many or prominent bones | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bony>a. 如骨的, 多骨的, 瘦骨嶙峋的</a> | -y1, -ey |  | 5.61
<b>ischial</b> | 'iskiәl | a. Of or pertaining to the ischium or hip; ischiac;<br> ischiadic; ischiatic. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ischial>a. 坐骨的</a> |  |  | 10.00
<b>tuberosities</b> | ,tjuːbə'rɒsətɪ | pl. of Tuberosity | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tuberosities>n. 结节；有块茎；块茎状物</a> |  | tuberosity | 10.00
<b>contact</b> | 'kɒntækt | n. close interaction<br>n. the act of touching physically<br>n. the state or condition of touching or of being in immediate proximity<br>n. the physical coming together of two or more things | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/contact>n. 联系, 交际, 熟人, 接触<br>vi. 接触, 联系<br>vt. 使接触</a> | tact, tang, ting, tig |  | 4.26
<b>horizontal</b> | .hɒri'zɒntәl | n. something that is oriented horizontally<br>a. parallel to or in the plane of the horizon or a base line | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/horizontal>n. 水平线, 水平面, 水平位置<br>a. 水平线的, 平坦的, 横的<br>n. 水平<br>[计] 水平</a> |  |  | 4.92
<b>instead</b> | in'sted | r in place of, or as an alternative to<br>r on the contrary; rather (or instead), he wrote her a letter" | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/instead>adv. 作为替代, 反而</a> |  |  | 3.81
<b>squatting</b> | 'skwɔtiŋ | n exercising by repeatedly assuming a crouching position with the knees bent; strengthens the leg muscles<br>n the act of assuming or maintaining a crouching position with the knees bent and the buttocks near the heels<br>v sit on one's heels<br>v be close to the earth, or be disproportionately wide<br>v occupy (a dwelling) illegally | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/squatting>n. 航行尾倾</a> |  | squat | 5.98
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stadium>Stadium</a> 
<font size=3>
A stadium (PL: stadiums or stadia) is a place or venue for (mostly) outdoor sports, concerts, or other events and consists of a field or stage either partly or completely surrounded by a tiered structure designed to allow spectators to stand or sit and view the event. 　Pausanias noted that for about half a century the only event at the ancient Greek Olympic festival was the race that comprised one length of the stadion at Olympia, where the word "stadium" originated. 　Most of the stadiums with a capacity of at least 10,000 are used for association football. 　Other popular stadium sports include gridiron football, baseball, cricket, the various codes of rugby, field lacrosse, bandy, and bullfighting. 　Many large sports venues are also used for concerts.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>stadium</b> | 'steidiәm | n. a large structure for open-air sports or entertainments | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stadium>n. 露天大型运动场<br>[医] 期, 病期</a> |  |  | 4.25
<b>stadiums</b> | steidiəmz | n. a large structure for open-air sports or entertainments | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stadiums>n. 体育馆；露天大型运动场（stadium的复数）</a> |  | stadium | 5.63
<b>stadia</b> | 'steidiә | n a large structure for open-air sports or entertainments | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stadia>n. 视距仪, 视距测量, stadium的复数<br>[医] 期, 病期</a> |  | stadium | 6.26
<b>venue</b> | 'venju: | n. the scene of any event or action (especially the place of a meeting)<br>n. in law: the jurisdiction where a trial will be held | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/venue>n. 犯罪地点, 审判地, 发生地点</a> | veni, vent, ven, -vene |  | 4.76
<b>outdoor</b> | 'autdɒ: | a. located, suited for, or taking place in the open air<br>a. pertaining to or concerning the outdoors or outdoor activities | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/outdoor>a. 户外的, 屋外的, 露天的</a> |  |  | 4.84
<b>concerts</b> | ˈkɔnsəts | n. a performance of music by players or singers not involving theatrical staging<br>v. contrive (a plan) by mutual agreement<br>v. settle by agreement | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/concerts>n. 音乐会; 演唱会; （音）协奏曲(concert的复数); 合奏（曲）; 音乐会( concert的复数形式 )</a> |  | concert | 4.78
<b>partly</b> | 'pɑ:tli | r in part; in some degree; not wholly | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/partly>adv. 部分地, 在一定程度上</a> |  |  | 4.66
<b>tiered</b> | tɪəd | a. having or arranged in tiers | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tiered>vt. 层层排列, 使层叠（tier的过去式与过去分词形式）</a> |  |  | 5.92
<b>stand</b> | stænd | n. the position where a thing or person stands<br>n. a growth of similar plants (usually trees) in a particular area<br>n. a small table for holding articles of various kinds<br>n. an interruption of normal activity | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stand>n. 站立, 站住, 停顿, 讲台, 看台, 立场, 法院证人席<br>vi. 站, 立, 坐落, 停滞, 位于, 坚持, 维持原状<br>vt. 忍受, 使站立, 抵挡</a> |  |  | 4.13
<b>sit</b> | sit | v. be seated<br>v. be around, often idly or without specific purpose<br>v. be in session<br>v. be located or situated somewhere | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sit>vi. 坐, 就座, 坐落<br>vt. 使就座, 骑<br>n. 坐, 衣服合身</a> |  |  | 4.37
<b>view</b> | vju: | n. the visual percept of a region<br>n. the act of looking or seeing or observing<br>n. the range of the eye<br>n. purpose; the phrase `with a view to' means `with the intention of' or `for the purpose of' | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/view>n. 视野, 风景, 见解, 视力, 观看, 视图, 指望, 意图, 印象<br>vt. 看, 考虑, 视察, 查看, 估量<br>[计] 视图</a> |  |  | 4.02
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Safe>Safe</a> 
<font size=3>
A safe (also called a strongbox or coffer) is a secure lockable box used for securing valuable objects against theft or fire. 　A safe is usually a hollow cuboid or cylinder, with one face being removable or hinged to form a door. 　The body and door may be cast from metal (such as steel) or formed out of plastic through blow molding. 　Bank teller safes typically are secured to the counter, have a slit opening for dropping valuables into the safe without opening it, and a time-delay combination lock to foil thieves. 　One significant distinction between types of safes is whether the safe is secured to a wall or structure or if it can be moved around. 　A less secure version (only suitable for petty cash) is usually called a cash-box.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>safe</b> | seif | n. strongbox where valuables can be safely kept<br>n. a ventilated or refrigerated cupboard for securing provisions from pests<br>a. free from danger or the risk of harm<br>s. (of an undertaking) secure from risk | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/safe>n. 保险箱, 冷藏室<br>a. 安全的, 可靠的, 平安的, 稳健的, 有把握的</a> |  |  | 4.25
<b>strongbox</b> | 'strɒŋbɒks | n. a strongly made box for holding money or valuables; can be locked | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/strongbox>n. 保险箱</a> |  |  | 10.00
<b>coffer</b> | 'kɒfә | n. an ornamental sunken panel in a ceiling or dome<br>n. a chest especially for storing valuables | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coffer>n. 保险箱, 金库<br>vt. 把...锁进箱子</a> |  |  | 6.66
<b>secure</b> | si'kjuә | v. assure payment of<br>a. free from fear or doubt; easy in mind<br>a. free from danger or risk<br>a. not likely to fail or give way | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/secure>a. 无虑的, 安心的, 安全的, 可靠的, 保险的<br>vt. 固定, 获得, 保证, 使安全, 掩护, 招致<br>vi. 停止操作, 船抛锚</a> | cur2 |  | 4.52
<b>theft</b> | θeft | n the act of taking something from someone unlawfully | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/theft>n. 盗窃, 失窃, 盗窃罪, 赃物<br>[法] 盗窃行为, 偷窃, 失窃</a> |  |  | 5.15
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joint>Joint</a> 
<font size=3>
A joint or articulation (or articular surface) is the connection made between bones, ossicles, or other hard structures in the body which link an animal's skeletal system into a functional whole. 　They are constructed to allow for different degrees and types of movement. 　Some joints, such as the knee, elbow, and shoulder, are self-lubricating, almost frictionless, and are able to withstand compression and maintain heavy loads while still executing smooth and precise movements. 　Other joints such as sutures between the bones of the skull permit very little movement (only during birth) in order to protect the brain and the sense organs. 　The connection between a tooth and the jawbone is also called a joint, and is described as a fibrous joint known as a gomphosis. 　Joints are classified both structurally and functionally.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>articulation</b> | ɑ:.tikju'leiʃәn | n. the aspect of pronunciation that involves bringing articulatory organs together so as to shape the sounds of speech<br>n. the shape or manner in which things come together and a connection is made<br>n. expressing in coherent verbal form | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/articulation>n. 关节, 接合, 连贯, 发音, 表达<br>[计] 清晰度</a> |  |  | 5.82
<b>articular</b> | ɑ:'tikjulә | a. relating to or affecting the joints of the body | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/articular>a. 关节的<br>[计] 关节的</a> |  |  | 6.31
<b>link</b> | liŋk | n. the means of connection between things linked in series<br>n. a fastener that serves to join or connect<br>n. a unit of length equal to 1/100 of a chain<br>n. (computing) an instruction that connects one part of a program or an element on a list to another program or list | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/link>n. 环, 连结物, 链接, 火把<br>vt. 连结, 联合, 挽住<br>vi. 连接起来<br>[计] 连接, 链路</a> |  |  | 4.43
<b>skeletal</b> | 'skelәtәl | a. of or relating to or forming or attached to a skeleton | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/skeletal>a. 骨骼的, 框架的<br>[医] 骨胳的</a> |  |  | 5.50
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joint_(geology)>Joint (geology)</a> 
<font size=3>
A joint is a break (fracture) of natural origin in a layer or body of rock that lacks visible or measurable movement parallel to the surface (plane) of the fracture ("Mode 1" Fracture). 　Although joints can occur singly, they most frequently appear as joint sets and systems. 　A joint set is a family of parallel, evenly spaced joints that can be identified through mapping and analysis of their orientations, spacing, and physical properties. 　A joint system consists of two or more intersecting joint sets. 　The distinction between joints and faults hinges on the terms visible or measurable, a difference that depends on the scale of observation. 　Faults differ from joints in that they exhibit visible or measurable lateral movement between the opposite surfaces of the fracture ("Mode 2" and "Mode 3" Fractures). 　Thus a joint may be created by either strict movement of a rock layer or body perpendicular to the fracture or by varying degrees of lateral displacement parallel to the surface (plane) of the fracture that remains "invisible" at the scale of observation. 　Joints are among the most universal geologic structures, found in almost every exposure of rock. 　They vary greatly in appearance, dimensions, and arrangement, and occur in quite different tectonic environments. 　Often, the specific origin of the stresses that created certain joints and associated joint sets can be quite ambiguous, unclear, and sometimes controversial. 　The most prominent joints occur in the most well-consolidated, lithified, and highly competent rocks, such as sandstone, limestone, quartzite, and granite. 　Joints may be open fractures or filled by various materials. 　Joints infilled by precipitated minerals are called veins and joints filled by solidified magma are called dikes.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>break</b> | breik | n. an unexpected piece of good luck<br>n. the occurrence of breaking<br>n. an abrupt change in the tone or register of the voice (as at puberty or due to emotion)<br>n. the opening shot that scatters the balls in billiards or pool | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/break>n. 休息, 中断, 破裂处, 绝交, 破晓, 突变<br>vt. 打破, 弄破, 弄坏, 破坏, 违反, 打断, 削弱, 放弃<br>vi. 破碎, 决裂, 破晓, 突变, 变弱, 暂停<br>n. 分隔符<br>[计] 分隔符; 中断; DOS内部命令:设定扫描中断按键的时机</a> |  |  | 4.16
<b>fracture</b> | 'fræktʃә | n. breaking of hard tissue such as bone<br>n. the act of cracking something<br>v. violate or abuse<br>v. interrupt, break, or destroy | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fracture>n. 破碎, 骨折<br>v. (使)破碎, (使)破裂</a> | -ure |  | 5.39
<b>lacks</b> | læks | n the state of needing something that is absent or unavailable<br>v be without | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lacks>n. 缺乏, 不足, 没有( lack的名词复数 )<br>v. 缺乏, 缺少( lack的第三人称单数 )</a> |  | lack | 5.20
<b>measurable</b> | 'meʒәrәbl | a. capable of being measured<br>s. of distinguished importance | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/measurable>a. 可测量的, 不久的, 重要的</a> | -able, -ible, -ble |  | 5.51
<b>parallel</b> | 'pærәlel | n. (mathematics) one of a set of parallel geometric figures (parallel lines or planes)<br>v. be parallel to<br>v. make or place parallel to something<br>a. being everywhere equidistant and not intersecting | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parallel>n. 平行, 对比, 相匹敌之物<br>a. 平行的, 相似的<br>vt. 与...平行, 与...相似, 相比, 使平行<br>[计] 并联; 并行</a> | para- |  | 4.46
<b>plane</b> | plein | n. (mathematics) an unbounded two-dimensional shape<br>n. a level of existence or development<br>n. a power tool for smoothing or shaping wood<br>n. a carpenter's hand tool with an adjustable blade for smoothing or shaping wood | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plane>n. 平面, 扁平物, 机翼, 飞机, 水准, 地位<br>a. 平的, 平面的<br>vt. 将...刨平, 刨平, 掠过水面<br>vi. 翱翔, 乘飞机旅行, 刨掉</a> |  |  | 4.32
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corporation>Corporation</a> 
<font size=3>
A corporation is an organization—usually a group of people or a company—authorized by the state to act as a single entity (a legal entity recognized by private and public law "born out of statute"; a legal person in legal context) and recognized as such in law for certain purposes.　: 10  Early incorporated entities were established by charter (i.e. by an ad hoc act granted by a monarch or passed by a parliament or legislature). 　Most jurisdictions now allow the creation of new corporations through registration. 　Corporations come in many different types but are usually divided by the law of the jurisdiction where they are chartered based on two aspects: by whether they can issue stock, or by whether they are formed to make a profit. 　Depending on the number of owners, a corporation can be classified as aggregate (the subject of this article) or sole (a legal entity consisting of a single incorporated office occupied by a single natural person). 　One of the most attractive early advantages business corporations offered to their investors, compared to earlier business entities like sole proprietorships and joint partnerships, was limited liability.　[clarification needed] Limited liability means that a passive shareholder in a corporation will not be personally liable either for contractually agreed obligations of the corporation, or for torts (involuntary harms) committed by the corporation against a third party. 　Limited liability in contract is uncontroversial because the parties to the contract could have agreed to it and could agree to waive it by contract. 　However, limited liability in tort remains controversial because third parties do not agree to waive the right to pursue shareholders. 　There is significant evidence that limited liability in tort may lead to excessive corporate risk taking and more harm by corporations to third parties. 　Where local law distinguishes corporations by their ability to issue stock, corporations allowed to do so are referred to as stock corporations; one type of investment in the corporation is through stock, and owners of stock are referred to as stockholders or shareholders. 　Corporations not allowed to issue stock are referred to as non-stock corporations; i.e. those who are considered the owners of a non-stock corporation are persons (or other entities) who have obtained membership in the corporation and are referred to as a member of the corporation. 　Corporations chartered in regions where they are distinguished by whether they are allowed to be for-profit are referred to as for-profit and not-for-profit corporations, respectively. 　There is some overlap between stock/non-stock and for-profit/not-for-profit in that not-for-profit corporations are nearly always non-stock as well. 　A for-profit corporation is almost always a stock corporation, but some for-profit corporations may choose to be non-stock. 　To simplify the explanation, whenever "stockholder" or "shareholder" is used in the rest of this article to refer to a stock corporation, it is presumed to mean the same as "member" for a non-profit corporation or for a profit, non-stock corporation. 　Registered corporations have legal personality recognized by local authorities and their shares are owned by shareholders whose liability is generally limited to their investment. 　Shareholders do not typically actively manage a corporation; shareholders instead elect or appoint a board of directors to control the corporation in a fiduciary capacity. 　In most circumstances, a shareholder may also serve as a director or officer of a corporation. 　Countries with co-determination employ the practice of workers of an enterprise having the right to vote for representatives on the board of directors in a company. 　In American English, the word corporation is most often used to describe large business corporations. 　In British English and in the Commonwealth countries, the term company is more widely used to describe the same sort of entity while the word corporation encompasses all incorporated entities. 　In American English, the word company can include entities such as partnerships that would not be referred to as companies in British English as they are not a separate legal entity. 　Late in the 19th century, a new form of the company having the limited liability protections of a corporation, and the more favorable tax treatment of either a sole proprietorship or partnership was developed. 　While not a corporation, this new type of entity became very attractive as an alternative for corporations not needing to issue stock. 　In Germany, the organization was referred to as Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung or GmbH. 　In the last quarter of the 20th century, this new form of non-corporate organization became available in the United States and other countries, and was known as the limited liability company or LLC. 　Since the GmbH and LLC forms of organization are technically not corporations (even though they have many of the same features), they will not be discussed in this article.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>corporation</b> | .kɒ:pә'reiʃәn | n. a business firm whose articles of incorporation have been approved in some state | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corporation>n. 公司, 合作, 法人团体<br>[法] 法人团体, 社团, 法人</a> | corp, corpo, corpor, corpus |  | 4.25
<b>authorized</b> | 'ɒ:θәraizd | a. endowed with authority | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/authorized>a. 经认可的, 经授权的<br>[法] 委任的, 核准的, 许可的</a> |  | authorize | 4.81
<b>statute</b> | 'stætju:t | n an act passed by a legislative body<br>s enacted by a legislative body | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/statute>n. 法令, 成文法律, 法规, 章程, 条例<br>[法] 法令, 法规, 成文法</a> |  |  | 4.80
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parish>Parish</a> 
<font size=3>
A parish is a territorial entity in many Christian denominations, constituting a division within a diocese. 　A parish is under the pastoral care and clerical jurisdiction of a priest, often termed a parish priest, who might be assisted by one or more curates, and who operates from a parish church. 　Historically, a parish often covered the same geographical area as a manor. 　Its association with the parish church remains paramount. 　By extension the term parish refers not only to the territorial entity but to the people of its community or congregation as well as to church property within it. 　In England this church property was technically in ownership of the parish priest ex-officio, vested in him on his institution to that parish.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>parish</b> | 'pæriʃ | n. a local church community<br>n. the local subdivision of a diocese committed to one pastor | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parish>n. 教区, 堂区<br>[法] 救贫区, 教区</a> |  |  | 4.25
<b>territorial</b> | .teri'tɒ:riәl | n. nonprofessional soldier member of a territorial military unit<br>n. a territorial military unit<br>a. of or relating to a territory<br>a. displaying territoriality; defending a territory from intruders | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/territorial>a. 领土的, 土地的, 地方的, 区域性的<br>n. 本土自卫队队员</a> | -al2, -ial, -ual |  | 4.79
<b>Christian</b> | 'kristʃәn | n. a religious person who believes Jesus is the Christ and who is a member of a Christian denomination<br>a. relating to or characteristic of Christianity<br>a. following the teachings or manifesting the qualities or spirit of Jesus Christ | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christian>n. 基督徒, 正派人<br>a. 基督的, 基督教的</a> |  |  | 4.03
<b>denominations</b> | dɪˌnɔməˈneɪʃənz | n. a group of religious congregations having its own organization and a distinctive faith<br>n. a class of one kind of unit in a system of numbers or measures or weights or money<br>n. identifying word or words by which someone or something is called and classified or distinguished from others | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/denominations>n. 宗派( denomination的复数形式 ); 教派; 面额; <正>名称</a> |  | denomination | 5.44
<b>constituting</b> | ˈkɔnstitju:tɪŋ | p. pr. & vb. n. of Constitute | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constituting>v. 建立( constitute的现在分词 ); 指定; （合法或正式地）成立; 构成</a> |  | constitute | 5.66
<b>diocese</b> | 'daiәsis | n. the territorial jurisdiction of a bishop | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/diocese>n. 主教教区</a> |  |  | 4.62
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Volume>Volume</a> 
<font size=3>
Volume is a measure of three-dimensional space. 　It is often quantified numerically using SI derived units (such as the cubic metre and litre) or by various imperial or US customary units (such as the gallon, quart, cubic inch). 　The definition of length (cubed) is interrelated with volume. 　The volume of a container is generally understood to be the capacity of the container; i.e., the amount of fluid (gas or liquid) that the container could hold, rather than the amount of space the container itself displaces. 　In ancient times, volume is measured using similar-shaped natural containers and later on, standardized containers. 　Some simple three-dimensional shapes can have their volume easily calculated using arithmetic formulas. 　Volumes of more complicated shapes can be calculated with integral calculus if a formula exists for the shape's boundary. 　Zero-, one- and two-dimensional objects have no volume; in fourth and higher dimensions, an analogous concept to the normal volume is the hypervolume.
</font>

<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prison>Prison</a> 
<font size=3>
A prison, also known as a jail, gaol (dated, British English, Australian, South African and historically in Canada), penitentiary (American English and Canadian English), detention center (or detention centre outside the US), correction center, correctional facility, lock-up, hoosegow or remand center, is a facility in which inmates (or prisoners) are confined against their will and usually denied a variety of freedoms under the authority of the state as punishment for various crimes. 　Prisons are most commonly used within a criminal justice system: people charged with crimes may be imprisoned until their trial; those pleading or being found guilty of crimes at trial may be sentenced to a specified period of imprisonment. 　In simplest terms, a prison can also be described as a building in which people are legally held as a punishment for a crime they have committed. 　Prisons can also be used as a tool of political repression by authoritarian regimes. 　Their perceived opponents may be imprisoned for political crimes, often without trial or other legal due process; this use is illegal under most forms of international law governing fair administration of justice. 　In times of war, prisoners of war or detainees may be detained in military prisons or prisoner of war camps, and large groups of civilians might be imprisoned in internment camps. 　In American English, the terms prison and jail have separate definitions, though this is not always strictly adhered to in casual speech. 　A prison or penitentiary holds people for longer periods of time, such as many years, and is operated by a state or federal government. 　A jail holds people for shorter periods of time (e.g. for shorter sentences or pre-trial detention) and is usually operated by a local government, typically the county sheriff. 　Outside of North America, prison and jail often have the same meaning.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>prison</b> | 'prizn | n. a correctional institution where persons are confined while on trial or for punishment<br>n. a prisonlike situation; a place of seeming confinement | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prison>n. 监狱, 监禁, 拘留所<br>vt. 监禁</a> |  |  | 4.25
<b>jail</b> | dʒeil | n. a correctional institution used to detain persons who are in the lawful custody of the government (either accused persons awaiting trial or convicted persons serving a sentence) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jail>n. 监牢, 监狱, 拘留所<br>vt. 监禁, 下狱</a> |  |  | 4.79
<b>gaol</b> | dʒeil | n a correctional institution used to detain persons who are in the lawful custody of the government (either accused persons awaiting trial or convicted persons serving a sentence)<br>v lock up or confine, in or as in a jail | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gaol>n. 监禁, 监狱<br>vt. 监禁</a> |  |  | 5.88
<b>dated</b> | 'deitid | s. marked by features of the immediate and usually discounted past | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dated>a. 有日期的, 陈旧的</a> |  | date | 4.68
<b>African</b> | 'æfrikәn | n. a native or inhabitant of Africa<br>a. of or relating to the nations of Africa or their peoples | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African>n. 非洲人<br>a. 非洲的, 非洲人的</a> |  |  | 4.06
<b>penitentiary</b> | .peni'tenʃәri | n. a correctional institution for those convicted of major crimes<br>s. used for punishment or reform of criminals or wrongdoers | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/penitentiary>n. 监狱, 收容所, 教养所, 宗教裁判所<br>a. 用作感化的, 应处监禁的, 教养所的, 收容所的</a> |  |  | 5.70
<b>detention</b> | di'tenʃәn | n. a state of being confined (usually for a short time)<br>n. a punishment in which a student must stay at school after others have gone home | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/detention>n. 阻止, 监禁, 拘留<br>[医] 隔离, 拘留, 滞留, 停滞</a> | ten, tin, tain |  | 5.10
<b>centre</b> | 'sentә | n. a low-lying region in central France | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/centre>n. 中心, 中心点, 中锋<br>a. 中央的, 位在正中的<br>vt. 集中, 定中心<br>vi. 居中</a> |  |  | 3.92
<b>correction</b> | kә'rekʃәn | n. the act of offering an improvement to replace a mistake; setting right<br>n. a quantity that is added or subtracted in order to increase the accuracy of a scientific measure<br>n. something substituted for an error<br>n. a rebuke for making a mistake | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/correction>n. 订正, 改正, 改正的地方<br>[化] 校正</a> |  |  | 4.97
<b>correctional</b> | kә'rekʃәnәl | s. concerned with or providing correction | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/correctional>a. 改正的, 修正的, 矫正的</a> |  |  | 5.50
<b>lock</b> | lɒk | n. a fastener fitted to a door or drawer to keep it firmly closed<br>n. a strand or cluster of hair<br>n. a mechanism that detonates the charge of a gun<br>n. enclosure consisting of a section of canal that can be closed to control the water level; used to raise or lower vessels that pass through it | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lock>n. 锁, 刹车, 水闸, 一缕头发<br>vt. 锁, 锁上, 拘禁, 隐藏, (用锁等)拴住, 刹住<br>vi. 锁住, (齿轮等)啮合, (船)过闸</a> |  |  | 4.67
<b>hoosegow</b> | 'hu:s^au | n. slang for a jail | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hoosegow>n. 监狱拘留所</a> |  |  | 10.00
<b>remand</b> | ri'mɑ:nd | n. the act of sending an accused person back into custody to await trial (or the continuation of the trial) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/remand>n. 遣回, 还押<br>vt. 遣回, 还押候审</a> | mand |  | 6.04
<b>inmates</b> | ˈinmeits | n. one of several resident of a dwelling (especially someone confined to a prison or hospital)<br>n. a patient who is residing in the hospital where he is being treated<br>n. a person serving a sentence in a jail or prison | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/inmates>n. 囚犯( inmate的复数形式 )</a> |  | inmate | 5.19
<b>prisoners</b> | ˈprizənəz | n. a person who is confined; especially a prisoner of war | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prisoners>n. 囚徒( prisoner的复数形式 ); 俘虏; 被夺去自由的人[动物]等</a> |  | prisoner | 4.59
<b>confined</b> | kәn'faind | a. not invading healthy tissue<br>a. not free to move about | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/confined>a. 被限制的, 狭窄的, 在分娩中的, 坐月子的<br>[法] 有限的, 狭窄的</a> |  | confine | 4.92
<b>freedoms</b> | ˈfri:dəmz | n. the condition of being free; the power to act or speak or think without externally imposed restraints<br>n. immunity from an obligation or duty | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedoms>n. （指权利或状态）自由自在( freedom的复数形式 ); 自由权; 没有…的情况; 不受…影响的状态</a> |  | freedom | 5.49
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Israel>Israel</a> 
<font size=3>
Coordinates: 31°N 35°E﻿ / ﻿31°N 35°E﻿ / 31; 35 Israel (/ˈɪzri.əl, -reɪ-/; Hebrew: יִשְׂרָאֵל Yīsrāʾēl [jisʁaˈʔel]; Arabic: إِسْرَائِيل ʾIsrāʾīl), officially the State of Israel (מְדִינַת יִשְׂרָאֵל Medīnat Yīsrāʾēl [mediˈnat jisʁaˈʔel]; دَوْلَة إِسْرَائِيل Dawlat Isrāʾīl), is a country in Western Asia. 　Situated between the Eastern Mediterranean and the Red Sea, it is bordered by Lebanon to the north, by Syria to the northeast, by Jordan to the east, by Egypt to the southwest, and by the Palestinian territories — the West Bank along the east and the Gaza Strip along the southwest — with which it shares legal boundaries. 　Tel Aviv is the economic and technological center of the country, while its seat of government is in its proclaimed capital of Jerusalem, although Israeli sovereignty over East Jerusalem is unrecognized internationally. 　The area of modern Israel and the West Bank is of great significance to the Abrahamic religions. 　In ancient history, it was where Canaanite and later Israelite civilizations emerged, while in the early first millennium BCE the kingdoms of Israel and Judah emerged, before falling to the Neo-Assyrian and Neo-Babylonian empires, respectively. 　During the classical era, the region was ruled by the Achaemenid, Macedonian, Ptolemaic and Seleucid empires. 　In the 2nd century BCE, an independent Hasmonean kingdom emerged, before Rome conquered the area a century later. 　In the 7th century, the Muslim conquest of the Levant established caliphal rule. 　The First Crusade of the 11th century brought the founding of Crusader states, the last ending in the 13th century at the hands of the Mamluks, who lost the area to the Ottoman Empire at the onset of the 16th century. 　In late 19th century, Jews began immigrating to the area as part of the Zionist movement. 　Following World War I, the allied powers assigned the Mandate for Palestine to Britain, which during the war made a declaration of support for the establishment of a national home for the Jewish people in Palestine. 　After World War II, the newly formed United Nations adopted the Partition Plan for Palestine, recommending the creation of independent Arab and Jewish states, and placing Jerusalem under international control. 　Following a civil war within Mandatory Palestine between Yishuv and Palestinian Arab forces, Israel declared independence on 14 May 1948 at the termination of the British Mandate. 　A day later, several surrounding Arab countries intervened, leading to the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, which concluded with the 1949 Armistice Agreements that saw Israel in control of most of the former mandate territory, while the West Bank and Gaza were held by Jordan and Egypt respectively. 　Over 700,000 Palestinian Arabs were expelled from or fled the territory Israel would come to control, with fewer than 150,000 Palestinian Arabs remaining within Israel. 　During and immediately after the war, around 260,000 Jews emigrated or fled from the Arab world to Israel. 　Israel has since fought wars with several Arab countries, and since the 1967 Six-Day War has occupied the Syrian Golan Heights and the Palestinian territories of the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, and the Gaza Strip—the longest military occupation in modern history—though whether Gaza remains occupied following the Israeli disengagement is disputed. 　Israel has effectively annexed East Jerusalem and the Golan Heights, though these actions have been rejected as illegal by the international community, and established settlements within the occupied territories, which are also considered illegal under international law. 　While Israel has signed peace treaties with Egypt and Jordan, and has normalized relations with a number of other Arab countries, it remains formally at war with Syria and Lebanon, and efforts to resolve the Israeli–Palestinian conflict have thus far stalled. 　The country has a parliamentary system, proportional representation, and universal suffrage. 　The prime minister serves as head of government, while the Knesset is the unicameral legislature. 　An OECD member, Israel is a highly developed country with a very high standard of living, performing very high in measures of education, life expectancy, wealth per adult, happiness and per capita income. 　With a population of over nine million people, it has the world's 28th-largest economy by nominal GDP.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>nat</b> | nɑ:t | adv. Not.<br> Not at; nor at. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nat>n. 守护神, 精灵</a> |  |  | 5.30
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Weight>Weight</a> 
<font size=3>
In science and engineering, the weight of an object is the force acting on the object due to gravity. 　Some standard textbooks define weight as a vector quantity, the gravitational force acting on the object. 　Others define weight as a scalar quantity, the magnitude of the gravitational force. 　Yet others define it as the magnitude of the reaction force exerted on a body by mechanisms that counteract the effects of gravity: the weight is the quantity that is measured by, for example, a spring scale. 　Thus, in a state of free fall, the weight would be zero. 　In this sense of weight, terrestrial objects can be weightless: ignoring air resistance, the famous apple falling from the tree, on its way to meet the ground near Isaac Newton, would be weightless. 　The unit of measurement for weight is that of force, which in the International System of Units (SI) is the newton. 　For example, an object with a mass of one kilogram has a weight of about 9.8 newtons on the surface of the Earth, and about one-sixth as much on the Moon. 　Although weight and mass are scientifically distinct quantities, the terms are often confused with each other in everyday use (e.g. comparing and converting force weight in pounds to mass in kilograms and vice versa). 　Further complications in elucidating the various concepts of weight have to do with the theory of relativity according to which gravity is modeled as a consequence of the curvature of spacetime. 　In the teaching community, a considerable debate has existed for over half a century on how to define weight for their students. 　The current situation is that a multiple set of concepts co-exist and find use in their various contexts.
</font>

<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Contact_(geology)>Contact (geology)</a> 
<font size=3>
A geological contact is a boundary which separates one rock body from another. 　A contact can be formed during deposition, by the intrusion of magma, or through faulting or other deformation of rock beds that brings distinct rock bodies into contact. 　The geologic subdiscipline of stratigraphy is primarily concerned with depositional contacts, while faults and shear zones are of particular interest in structural geology. 　Faults and shear zones can be regarded as a form of secondary structure in the rock beds.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>geological</b> | .dʒiәu'lɒdʒikәl | a. of or relating to or based on geology | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/geological>a. 地质学的, 地质的</a> |  |  | 5.01
<b>separates</b> | ˈseprəts | n a separately printed article that originally appeared in a larger publication<br>n a garment that can be purchased separately and worn in combinations with other garments<br>v act as a barrier between; stand between<br>v force, take, or pull apart<br>v mark as different<br>v separate into parts or portions<br>v divide into components or constituents<br>v arrange or order by classes or categories<br>v make a division or separation<br>v discontinue an association or relation; go different ways<br>v go one's own way; move apart<br>v become separated into pieces or fragments<br>v treat differently on the basis of sex or race<br>v come apart<br>v divide into two or more branches so as to form a fork | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/separates>n. 可搭配穿着的女服<br>v. 分开( separate的第三人称单数 ); （使）分离; 区分; 隔开</a> |  | separate | 5.37
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sky>Sky</a> 
<font size=3>
The sky is an unobstructed view upward from the surface of the Earth. 　It includes the atmosphere and outer space. 　It may also be considered a place between the ground and outer space, thus distinct from outer space. 　In the field of astronomy, the sky is also called the celestial sphere. 　This is an abstract sphere, concentric to the Earth, on which the Sun, Moon, planets, and stars appear to be drifting. 　The celestial sphere is conventionally divided into designated areas called constellations. 　Usually, the term sky informally refers to a perspective from the Earth's surface; however, the meaning and usage can vary. 　An observer on the surface of the Earth can see a small part of the sky, which resembles a dome (sometimes called the sky bowl) appearing flatter during the day than at night. 　In some cases, such as in discussing the weather, the sky refers to only the lower, denser layers of the atmosphere. 　The daytime sky appears blue because air molecules scatter shorter wavelengths of sunlight more than longer ones (redder light). 　The night sky appears to be a mostly dark surface or region spangled with stars. 　The Sun and sometimes the Moon are visible in the daytime sky unless obscured by clouds. 　At night, the Moon, planets, and stars are similarly visible in the sky. 　Some of the natural phenomena seen in the sky are clouds, rainbows, and aurorae. 　Lightning and precipitation are also visible in the sky. 　Certain birds and insects, as well as human inventions like aircraft and kites, can fly in the sky. 　Due to human activities, smog during the day and light pollution during the night are often seen above large cities.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>sky</b> | skai | n. the atmosphere and outer space as viewed from the earth | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sky>n. 天空, 天色, 天堂<br>vt. 击向空中, 挂在高处<br>vi. 高涨</a> |  |  | 4.26
<b>unobstructed</b> | 'ʌnәb'strʌktid | a. free from impediment or obstruction or hindrance | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unobstructed>a. 没有障碍的, 没有阻挡的</a> |  |  | 6.32
<b>upward</b> | 'ʌpwәd | s. directed up | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/upward>a. 向上的<br>adv. 以上</a> |  |  | 5.05
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Path_(topology)>Path (topology)</a> 
<font size=3>
In mathematics, a path in a topological space X {\displaystyle X} is a continuous function from the closed unit interval [ 0 , 1 ] {\displaystyle [0,1]} into X . 　{\displaystyle X.　} Paths play an important role in the fields of topology and mathematical analysis. 　For example, a topological space for which there exists a path connecting any two points is said to be path-connected. 　Any space may be broken up into path-connected components. 　The set of path-connected components of a space X {\displaystyle X} is often denoted π 0 ( X ) . 　{\displaystyle \pi _{0}(X).　} One can also define paths and loops in pointed spaces, which are important in homotopy theory. 　If X {\displaystyle X} is a topological space with basepoint x 0 , {\displaystyle x_{0},} then a path in X {\displaystyle X} is one whose initial point is x 0 {\displaystyle x_{0}} . 　Likewise, a loop in X {\displaystyle X} is one that is based at x 0 {\displaystyle x_{0}} .
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>path</b> | pɑ:θ | n. a way especially designed for a particular use<br>n. an established line of travel or access<br>n. a line or route along which something travels or moves | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/path>n. 路径, 小路, 道路, 途径, 路线, 轨道<br>[计] 路径; DOS内部命令:设定DOS读取程序的路径</a> |  |  | 4.26
<b>continuous</b> | kәn'tinjuәs | a. continuing in time or space without interruption<br>a. of a function or curve; extending without break or irregularity | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/continuous>a. 连续的, 继续的, 连续不断的<br>[计] 连续的</a> | ten, tin, tain |  | 4.45
<b>closed</b> | klәuzd | a. not open or affording passage or access<br>a. (set theory) of an interval that contains both its endpoints<br>a. used especially of mouth or eyes<br>s. requiring union membership | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/closed>a. 关闭的, 限于少数人的<br>[计] 关闭指令</a> |  | close | 3.88
<b>interval</b> | 'intәvәl | n. a set containing all points (or all real numbers) between two given endpoints<br>n. the distance between things<br>n. the difference in pitch between two notes | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/interval>n. 间隔, 距离, 间歇, 间隙<br>[计] 时间间隔</a> |  |  | 4.93
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shape>Shape</a> 
<font size=3>
A shape or figure is a graphical representation of an object or its external boundary, outline, or external surface, as opposed to other properties such as color, texture, or material type. 　A plane shape or plane figure is constrained to lie on a plane, in contrast to solid 3D shapes. 　A two-dimensional shape or two-dimensional figure (also: 2D shape or 2D figure) may lie on a more general curved surface (a non-Euclidean two-dimensional space).
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>graphical</b> | '^ræfikәl | a relating to or presented by a graph<br>s written or drawn or engraved | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/graphical>a. 图的, 记录的, 图示的, 图解的, 书法的, 绘画的, 印刷的, 雕刻的, 详尽的<br>[机] 图解式的</a> |  |  | 5.33
<b>outline</b> | 'autlain | n. the line that appears to bound an object<br>n. a sketchy summary of the main points of an argument or theory<br>n. a schematic or preliminary plan | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/outline>n. 大纲, 轮廓, 概要<br>vt. 描画轮廓, 描述要点<br>n. 大纲, 分级, 轮廓<br>[计] 大纲, 分级, 轮廓</a> |  |  | 5.08
<b>opposed</b> | ә'pәuzd | a. being in opposition or having an opponent | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opposed>a. 反对的, 敌对的, 对抗的, 相对的<br>[机] 反对的, 相反的, 对立的</a> |  | oppose | 4.44
<b>texture</b> | 'tekstʃә | n. the feel of a surface or a fabric<br>n. the essential quality of something<br>n. the musical pattern created by parts being played or sung together<br>n. the characteristic appearance of a surface having a tactile quality | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/texture>n. (织物的)密度, (材料等的)结构, 纹理<br>[化] 纹理</a> | text |  | 5.18
</font>
<br>



