## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fashion>Fashion</a> 
<font size=3>
Fashion is a form of self-expression and autonomy at a particular period and place and in a specific context, of clothing, footwear, lifestyle, accessories, makeup, hairstyle, and body posture. 　The term implies a look defined by the fashion industry as that which is trending. 　Everything that is considered fashion is available and popularized by the fashion system (industry and media). 　Given the rise in mass production of commodities and clothing at lower prices and global reach, sustainability has become an urgent issue among politicians, brands, and consumers.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>autonomy</b> | ɒ:'tɒnәmi | n. immunity from arbitrary exercise of authority: political independence<br>n. personal independence | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/autonomy>n. 自治, 自治权<br>[医] 自主性</a> | aut, auto |  | 5.13
<b>clothing</b> | 'klәuðiŋ | n. a covering designed to be worn on a person's body | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/clothing>n. 衣服</a> |  | clthe | 4.63
<b>footwear</b> | 'fjtweә(r) | n. clothing worn on a person's feet<br>n. covering for a person's feet | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/footwear>n. 鞋类, 靴类</a> |  |  | 5.83
<b>lifestyle</b> | 'laifstail | n a manner of living that reflects the person's values and attitudes | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lifestyle>n. 生活方式</a> |  |  | 5.01
<b>makeup</b> | 'meikʌp | n. cosmetics applied to the face to improve or change your appearance<br>n. an event that is substituted for a previously cancelled event | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/makeup>n. 组成, 性格, 化妆品, 化装(术), 虚构, 补考</a> |  |  | 5.10
<b>hairstyle</b> | 'hєәstail | n the arrangement of the hair (especially a woman's hair) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hairstyle>n. 发型</a> |  |  | 6.05
<b>posture</b> | 'pɒstʃә | n the arrangement of the body and its limbs<br>n characteristic way of bearing one's body<br>n a rationalized mental attitude<br>n capability in terms of personnel and materiel that affect the capacity to fight a war<br>v behave affectedly or unnaturally in order to impress others<br>v assume a posture as for artistic purposes | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/posture>n. 姿势, 态度, 情形, 形势<br>vt. 作...的姿势<br>vi. 作姿势</a> | pos, -pose, pon, -pone, -pound |  | 5.38
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Incident_(Scientology)>Incident (Scientology)</a> 
<font size=3>
L. Ron Hubbard used the term Incident in a specific context for auditing in Scientology and Dianetics: the description of space operatic events in the Universe's distant past, involving alien interventions in past lives. 　It is a basic belief of Scientology that a human being is an immortal spiritual being, termed a thetan, trapped on planet Earth in a "meat body". 　Although said to be capable of occurring anywhere and at any time, Hubbard's writings described some incidents in particular, set in Earth's prehistory. 　Many of them first appeared in Hubbard's book What to Audit (later retitled A History of Man). 　In his writings and lectures, Hubbard describes Incidents said to have occurred to thetans during the past few trillion years. 　Most of these followed a consistent pattern, wherein a hostile alien civilization captured and brainwashed free thetans. 　Often, instances of implantation are termed Incidents, while the subject of the implants are often termed Goals. 　Some Incidents are simply unusual and traumatic events, whereof the memory is said to linger for trillions of years. 　According to Hubbard, only Scientology's methods can remove the resulting neuroses.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>Hubbard</b> | 'hʌbәd | n. a United States writer of science fiction and founder of Scientology (1911-1986)<br>n. a mountain peak in southeastern Alaska that is part of the Coast Range (14,950 feet high) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hubbard>n. 哈伯德（人名）</a> |  |  | 5.19
<b>incident</b> | 'insidәnt | n. a single distinct event<br>n. a public disturbance<br>a. falling or striking of light rays on something | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/incident>n. 事件, 事变, 小事<br>a. 附带的, 易于发生的, 外来的, 入射的</a> | cad, cas, cid2 |  | 4.44
<b>auditing</b> | 'ɔ:ditiŋ | v examine carefully for accuracy with the intent of verification<br>v attend academic courses without getting credit | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/auditing>[计] 审查, 审计处理<br>[经] 查帐, 审计学</a> |  | audit | 5.91
<b>operatic</b> | .ɒpә'rætik | a. of or relating to or characteristic of opera | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operatic>a. 歌剧的, 歌剧风格的</a> |  |  | 5.62
<b>alien</b> | 'eiljәn | v. transfer property or ownership<br>s. not contained in or deriving from the essential nature of something<br>s. being or from or characteristic of another place or part of the world | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alien>n. 外国人, 外侨<br>a. 外国的, 相异的</a> | ali |  | 4.81
<b>interventions</b> | ɪntə'venʃnz | n. the act of intervening (as to mediate a dispute, etc.)<br>n. a policy of intervening in the affairs of other countries<br>n. the act or fact of interposing one thing between or among others | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/interventions>n. 介入, 干涉, 干预( intervention的复数形式 )</a> |  | intervention | 5.37
<b>lives</b> | laivz | n a characteristic state or mode of living<br>n the experience of being alive; the course of human events and activities<br>n the course of existence of an individual; the actions and events that occur in living<br>n the condition of living or the state of being alive<br>n the period during which something is functional (as between birth and death)<br>n the period between birth and the present time<br>n the period from the present until death<br>n a living person<br>n animation and energy in action or expression<br>n living things collectively<br>n the organic phenomenon that distinguishes living organisms from nonliving ones<br>n an account of the series of events making up a person's life<br>n a motive for living<br>n a prison term lasting as long as the prisoner lives<br>v inhabit or live in; be an inhabitant of<br>v lead a certain kind of life; live in a certain style<br>v continue to live through hardship or adversity<br>v support oneself<br>v have life, be alive<br>v have firsthand knowledge of states, situations, emotions, or sensations<br>v pursue a positive and satisfying existence | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lives>life的复数</a> |  | live | 4.13
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cricket>Cricket</a> 
<font size=3>
Cricket is a bat-and-ball game played between two teams of eleven players on a field at the centre of which is a 22-yard (20-metre) pitch with a wicket at each end, each comprising two bails balanced on three stumps. 　The batting side scores runs by striking the ball bowled at one of the wickets with the bat and then running between the wickets, while the bowling and fielding side tries to prevent this (by preventing the ball from leaving the field, and getting the ball to either wicket) and dismiss each batter (so they are "out"). 　Means of dismissal include being bowled, when the ball hits the stumps and dislodges the bails, and by the fielding side either catching the ball after it is hit by the bat, but before it hits the ground, or hitting a wicket with the ball before a batter can cross the crease in front of the wicket. 　When ten batters have been dismissed, the innings ends and the teams swap roles. 　The game is adjudicated by two umpires, aided by a third umpire and match referee in international matches. 　They communicate with two off-field scorers who record the match's statistical information. 　Forms of cricket range from Twenty20, with each team batting for a single innings of 20 overs (each "over" being a set of 6 fair opportunities for the batting team to score) and the game generally lasting three hours, to Test matches played over five days. 　Traditionally cricketers play in all-white kit, but in limited overs cricket they wear club or team colours. 　In addition to the basic kit, some players wear protective gear to prevent injury caused by the ball, which is a hard, solid spheroid made of compressed leather with a slightly raised sewn seam enclosing a cork core layered with tightly wound string. 　The earliest reference to cricket is in South East England in the mid-16th century. 　It spread globally with the expansion of the British Empire, with the first international matches in the second half of the 19th century. 　The game's governing body is the International Cricket Council (ICC), which has over 100 members, twelve of which are full members who play Test matches. 　The game's rules, the Laws of Cricket, are maintained by Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) in London. 　The sport is followed primarily in South Asia, Australasia, the United Kingdom, Southern Africa and the West Indies. 　Women's cricket, which is organised and played separately, has also achieved international standard. 　The most successful side playing international cricket is Australia, which has won seven One Day International trophies, including five World Cups, more than any other country and has been the top-rated Test side more than any other country.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>eleven</b> | i'levn | n. the cardinal number that is the sum of ten and one<br>s. being one more than ten | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eleven>num. 十一, 十一个</a> |  |  | 4.56
<b>metre</b> | 'mi:tә | n the basic unit of length adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites (approximately 1.094 yards)<br>n (prosody) the accent in a metrical foot of verse<br>n rhythm as given by division into parts of equal duration | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/metre>n. 公尺, 格律, 韵律<br>[医] 米, 公尺</a> |  |  | 5.13
<b>pitch</b> | pitʃ | n. the property of sound that varies with variation in the frequency of vibration<br>n. (baseball) the act of throwing a baseball by a pitcher to a batter<br>n. a vendor's position (especially on the sidewalk)<br>n. degree of deviation from a horizontal plane | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pitch>n. 程度, 坡度, 顶点, 前倾, 倾斜, 投掷, 音高, 螺距, 节距, 摊位, 树脂, 沥青<br>vt. 投, 掷, 向前倾跌, 扎营, 竭力推销, 为...定调, 定位于, 用沥青涂<br>vi. 搭帐篷, 投掷, 向前跌, 猛然摔倒, 坠落, 倾斜<br>[计] 孔距</a> |  |  | 4.72
<b>wicket</b> | 'wikit | n. cricket equipment consisting of a set of three stumps topped by crosspieces; used in playing cricket<br>n. a small arch used as croquet equipment<br>n. small gate or door (especially one that is part of a larger door)<br>n. small opening (like a window in a door) through which business can be transacted | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wicket>n. 小门, 腰门, 售票窗</a> |  |  | 5.26
<b>bails</b> | beilz | n (criminal law) money that must be forfeited by the bondsman if an accused person fails to appear in court for trial<br>n the legal system that allows an accused person to be temporarily released from custody (usually on condition that a sum of money guarantees their appearance at trial)<br>v release after a security has been paid<br>v deliver something in trust to somebody for a special purpose and for a limited period<br>v secure the release of (someone) by providing security<br>v empty (a vessel) by bailing<br>v remove (water) from a vessel with a container | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bails>n. （法庭命令缴付的）保释金( bail的名词复数 ); 三柱门上的横木<br>v. 保释, 帮助脱离困境( bail的第三人称单数 )</a> |  | bail | 6.57
<b>balanced</b> | 'bælәnst | a. being in a state of proper equilibrium | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balanced>a. 公平的, 平衡的<br>[计] 平衡的, 对称的, 均衡的</a> |  | balance | 5.04
<b>stumps</b> | stʌmps | n the base part of a tree that remains standing after the tree has been felled<br>n the part of a limb or tooth that remains after the rest is removed<br>n (cricket) any of three upright wooden posts that form the wicket<br>n a platform raised above the surrounding level to give prominence to the person on it<br>v cause to be perplexed or confounded<br>v walk heavily<br>v travel through a district and make political speeches<br>v remove tree stumps from | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stumps>n. （被砍下的树的）树桩( stump的名词复数 ); 残肢; （板球三柱门的）柱; 残余部分<br>v. 僵直地行走, 跺步行走( stump的第三人称单数 ); 把（某人）难住; 使为难; （选举前）在某一地区作政治性巡回演说</a> |  | stump | 5.86
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toronto>Toronto</a> 
<font size=3>
Toronto (/təˈrɒntoʊ/ (listen) tə-RON-toh; locally [təˈɹɒɾ̃ə] or [ˈtɹɒɾ̃ə]) is the capital city of the Canadian province of Ontario. 　With a recorded population of 2,794,356 in 2021, it is the most populous city in Canada and the fourth most populous city in North America. 　The city is the anchor of the Golden Horseshoe, an urban agglomeration of 9,765,188 people (as of 2021) surrounding the western end of Lake Ontario, while the Greater Toronto Area proper had a 2021 population of 6,712,341. 　Toronto is an international centre of business, finance, arts, sports and culture, and is recognized as one of the most multicultural and cosmopolitan cities in the world. 　Indigenous peoples have travelled through and inhabited the Toronto area, located on a broad sloping plateau interspersed with rivers, deep ravines, and urban forest, for more than 10,000 years. 　After the broadly disputed Toronto Purchase, when the Mississauga surrendered the area to the British Crown, the British established the town of York in 1793 and later designated it as the capital of Upper Canada. 　During the War of 1812, the town was the site of the Battle of York and suffered heavy damage by American troops. 　York was renamed and incorporated in 1834 as the city of Toronto. 　It was designated as the capital of the province of Ontario in 1867 during Canadian Confederation. 　The city proper has since expanded past its original limits through both annexation and amalgamation to its current area of 630.2 km2 (243.3 sq mi). 　The diverse population of Toronto reflects its current and historical role as an important destination for immigrants to Canada. 　More than half of residents were born outside of Canada, more than half of residents belong to a visible minority group, and over 200 distinct ethnic origins are represented among its inhabitants. 　While the majority of Torontonians speak English as their primary language, over 160 languages are spoken in the city. 　The mayor of Toronto is elected by direct popular vote to serve as the chief executive of the city. 　The Toronto City Council is a unicameral legislative body, comprising 25 councillors since the 2018 municipal election, representing geographical wards throughout the city. 　Toronto is a prominent centre for music, theatre, motion picture production, and television production, and is home to the headquarters of Canada's major national broadcast networks and media outlets. 　Its varied cultural institutions, which include numerous museums and galleries, festivals and public events, entertainment districts, national historic sites, and sports activities, attract over 43 million tourists each year. 　Toronto is known for its many skyscrapers and high-rise buildings, in particular the tallest free-standing structure on land outside of Asia, the CN Tower. 　The city is home to the Toronto Stock Exchange, the headquarters of Canada's five largest banks, and the headquarters of many large Canadian and multinational corporations. 　Its economy is highly diversified with strengths in technology, design, financial services, life sciences, education, arts, fashion, aerospace, environmental innovation, food services, and tourism. 　Toronto is the third-largest tech hub in North America after Silicon Valley and New York City, and the fastest growing.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>toronto</b> | tә'rɔntәu | n. the provincial capital and largest city in Ontario (and the largest city in Canada) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/toronto>n. 多伦多（加拿大城市）</a> |  |  | 4.44
<b>ontario</b> | ɔn'teәriәu | n. a prosperous and industrialized province in central Canada | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ontario>n. 安大略湖（北美五大湖之一）</a> |  |  | 4.46
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solid>Solid</a> 
<font size=3>
Solid is one of the four fundamental states of matter (the others being liquid, gas, and plasma). 　The molecules in a solid are closely packed together and contain the least amount of kinetic energy. 　A solid is characterized by structural rigidity and resistance to a force applied to the surface. 　Unlike a liquid, a solid object does not flow to take on the shape of its container, nor does it expand to fill the entire available volume like a gas. 　The atoms in a solid are bound to each other, either in a regular geometric lattice (crystalline solids, which include metals and ordinary ice), or irregularly (an amorphous solid such as common window glass). 　Solids cannot be compressed with little pressure whereas gases can be compressed with little pressure because the molecules in a gas are loosely packed. 　The branch of physics that deals with solids is called solid-state physics, and is the main branch of condensed matter physics (which also includes liquids). 　Materials science is primarily concerned with the physical and chemical properties of solids. 　Solid-state chemistry is especially concerned with the synthesis of novel materials, as well as the science of identification and chemical composition.
</font>

<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stable>Stable</a> 
<font size=3>
Look up stable in Wiktionary, the free dictionary. 　A stable is a building in which livestock, especially horses, are kept. 　It most commonly means a building that is divided into separate stalls for individual animals and livestock. 　There are many different types of stables in use today; the American-style barn, for instance, is a large barn with a door at each end and individual stalls inside or free-standing stables with top and bottom-opening doors. 　The term "stable" is also used to describe a group of animals kept by one owner, regardless of housing or location. 　The exterior design of a stable can vary widely, based on climate, building materials, historical period and cultural styles of architecture. 　A wide range of building materials can be used, including masonry (bricks or stone), wood and steel. 　Stables also range widely in size, from a small building housing one or two animals to facilities at agricultural shows or race tracks that can house hundreds of animals.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>stable</b> | 'steibl | n. a farm building for housing horses or other livestock<br>v. shelter in a stable<br>a. resistant to change of position or condition<br>s. firm and dependable; subject to little fluctuation | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stable>n. 马房, 牛棚<br>a. 稳定的, 安定的, 坚固的, 坚定的<br>vt. 赶入马房<br>vi. 被关在马厩</a> | sta, stas, stat, stant, -stance |  | 4.44
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Concerned>Concerned</a> 
<font size=3>
Concerned: The Half-Life and Death of Gordon Frohman is a webcomic by Christopher C. Livingston that parodies the first-person shooter video game Half-Life 2. 　The comic is illustrated with screenshots of characters posed using Garry's Mod, a tool which allows manipulation of the Source engine used by Half-Life 2. 　The comic ran from May 2005 to November 2006 and had 205 issues. 　While Half-Life 2 follows protagonist Gordon Freeman in a dystopian future, Concerned follows "Gordon Frohman", a dangerously clumsy character who arrives in the setting of the game a few weeks before Freeman does. 　The webcomic's dark humor is derived from its contrasts with the game and through references to the game's shortcomings. 　On several occasions in the comic, Frohman becomes the cause of various disastrous circumstances that Freeman will later encounter. 　Several reviews of Concerned praised the attention to writing and presentation and the comic's humor. 　Livingston also reported positive reception from staff at Valve, the developer company of Half-Life 2, who were pleased to have a comic based on their game.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>concerned</b> | kәn'sә:nd | a. feeling or showing worry or solicitude<br>s. involved in or affected by or having a claim to or share in | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/concerned>a. 关心的, 有关的, 参与的, 担心的</a> |  | concern | 4.44
<b>half</b> | hɑ:f | n. one of two divisions into which some games or performances are divided: the two divisions are separated by an interval<br>s. consisting of one of two equivalent parts in value or quantity<br>s. partial<br>a. (of siblings) related through one parent only | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/half>n. 一半, 半场, 不完全<br>a. 一半的, 不完全的, 部分的, 半场的<br>adv. 一半地, 部分地, 在某种程度上地, 几乎</a> |  |  | 3.69
<b>Gordon</b> | '^ɔ:dn |  | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gordon>[计] 哥尔丹</a> |  |  | 4.58
<b>frohman</b> | 'frәumәn |  | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/frohman>弗罗曼(姓氏)</a> |  |  | 6.79
<b>livingston</b> | 'liviŋstən | n. American Revolutionary leader who served in the Continental Congress and as minister to France (1746-1813) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/livingston>n. 利文斯顿（美国新泽西州东北部城镇）</a> |  |  | 5.38
<b>parodies</b> | ˈpærədi:z | pl. of Parody | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parodies>n. 拙劣的模仿( parody的名词复数 ); 恶搞; 滑稽的模仿诗文; 表面上模仿得笨拙但充满了机智用来嘲弄别人作品的作品<br>v. 滑稽地模仿, 拙劣地模仿( parody的第三人称单数 )</a> |  | parody | 5.83
<b>shooter</b> | 'ʃu:tә | n. a gambler who throws dice in the game of craps<br>n. (sports) a player who drives or kicks a ball at the goal (or a basketball player who shoots at the basket) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shooter>n. 射手, 狩猎者, 手枪</a> |  |  | 5.28
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Publishing>Publishing</a> 
<font size=3>
Publishing is the activity of making information, literature, music, software and other content available to the public for sale or for free. 　Traditionally, the term refers to the creation and distribution of printed works, such as books, newspapers, and magazines. 　With the advent of digital information systems, the scope has expanded to include digital publishing such as ebooks, digital magazines, websites, social media and video game publishing. 　The commercial publishing industry ranges from large multinational conglomerates such as News Corp, Pearson, Penguin Random House and Thomson Reuters, also major retail brands and thousands of small independent publishers. 　It has various divisions such as trade/retail publishing of fiction and non-fiction, educational publishing and academic and scientific publishing. 　Publishing is also undertaken by governments, civil society and private companies for administrative or compliance requirements, business, research, advocacy or public interest objectives. 　This can include annual reports, research reports, market research, policy briefings and technical reports. 　Self-publishing has become very common. 　"Publisher" can refer to a publishing company or organization, or to an individual who leads a publishing company, imprint, periodical or newspaper.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>publishing</b> | 'pʌbliʃiŋ | n the business of issuing printed matter for sale or distribution<br>v put into print<br>v prepare and issue for public distribution or sale<br>v have (one's written work) issued for publication | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/publishing>n. 出版, 刊印, 发行</a> |  | publish | 4.44
<b>sale</b> | seil | n. a particular instance of selling<br>n. the general activity of selling<br>n. an occasion (usually brief) for buying at specially reduced prices<br>n. the state of being purchasable; offered or exhibited for selling | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sale>n. 出售, 卖, 拍卖, 销售额, 廉价出售<br>[经] 卖, 出售; 销售(货)</a> |  |  | 4.48
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arthur>Arthur</a> 
<font size=3>
Arthur is a male given name of Brythonic origin. 　Its popularity derives from it being the name of the legendary hero King Arthur. 　The etymology is disputed. 　It may derive from the Celtic Artos meaning “Bear”. 　Another theory is that the name is derived from the Roman clan Artorius who lived in Roman Britain for centuries. 　A common spelling variant used in many Slavic, Romance, and Germanic languages is Artur. 　In Spanish and Italian it is Arturo.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>arthur</b> | 'ɑ:θә | n. elected vice president and became 21st President of the United States when Garfield was assassinated (1830-1886)<br>n. a legendary king of the Britons (possibly based on a historical figure in the 6th century but the story has been retold too many times to be sure); said to have led the Knights of the Round Table at Camelot | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arthur>n. 亚瑟（男子名）；亚瑟王（传说中六世纪前后英国的国王, 圆桌骑士团的首领）</a> |  |  | 4.44
<b>Brythonic</b> | bri'θɔnik | n a southern group of Celtic languages | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brythonic>a. 布立吞人(或语)的</a> |  |  | 6.72
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tongue>Tongue</a> 
<font size=3>
The tongue is a muscular organ in the mouth of a typical tetrapod. 　It manipulates food for mastication and swallowing as part of the digestive process, and is the primary organ of taste. 　The tongue's upper surface (dorsum) is covered by taste buds housed in numerous lingual papillae. 　It is sensitive and kept moist by saliva and is richly supplied with nerves and blood vessels. 　The tongue also serves as a natural means of cleaning the teeth. 　A major function of the tongue is the enabling of speech in humans and vocalization in other animals. 　The human tongue is divided into two parts, an oral part at the front and a pharyngeal part at the back. 　The left and right sides are also separated along most of its length by a vertical section of fibrous tissue (the lingual septum) that results in a groove, the median sulcus, on the tongue's surface. 　There are two groups of muscles of the tongue. 　The four intrinsic muscles alter the shape of the tongue and are not attached to bone. 　The four paired extrinsic muscles change the position of the tongue and are anchored to bone.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>tongue</b> | tʌŋ | n. a mobile mass of muscular tissue covered with mucous membrane and located in the oral cavity<br>n. any long thin projection that is transient<br>n. a manner of speaking<br>n. the tongue of certain animals used as meat | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tongue>n. 舌, 语言能力, 讲话方式, 语言<br>vt. 舔, 斥责, 发...的音<br>vi. 使用舌头, 吹管乐器</a> |  |  | 4.44
<b>tetrapod</b> | 'tetrәpәd | n. a vertebrate animal having four feet or legs or leglike appendages | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tetrapod>n. 四足动物<br>a. 四足动物的</a> |  |  | 6.67
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Planet>Planet</a> 
<font size=3>
A planet is a large, rounded astronomical body that is neither a star nor its remnant. 　The best available theory of planet formation is the nebular hypothesis, which posits that an interstellar cloud collapses out of a nebula to create a young protostar orbited by a protoplanetary disk. 　Planets grow in this disk by the gradual accumulation of material driven by gravity, a process called accretion. 　The Solar System has at least eight planets: the terrestrial planets Mercury, Venus, Earth and Mars, and the giant planets Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune. 　These planets each rotate around an axis tilted with respect to its orbital pole. 　All of them possess an atmosphere, although that of Mercury is tenuous, and some share such features as ice caps, seasons, volcanism, hurricanes, tectonics, and even hydrology. 　Apart from Venus and Mars, the Solar System planets generate magnetic fields, and all except Venus and Mercury have natural satellites. 　The giant planets bear planetary rings, the most prominent being those of Saturn. 　The word planet probably comes from the Greek planḗtai, meaning "wanderers". 　In antiquity, this word referred to the Sun, Moon, and five points of light visible by the naked eye that moved across the background of the stars—namely, Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn. 　Planets have historically had religious associations: multiple cultures identified celestial bodies with gods, and these connections with mythology and folklore persist in the schemes for naming newly discovered Solar System bodies. 　Earth itself was recognized as a planet when heliocentrism supplanted geocentrism during the 16th and 17th centuries. 　With the development of the telescope, the meaning of planet broadened to include objects only visible with assistance: the ice giants Uranus and Neptune; Ceres and other bodies later recognized to be part of the asteroid belt; and Pluto, later found to be the largest member of the collection of icy bodies known as the Kuiper belt. 　The discovery of other large objects in the Kuiper belt, particularly Eris, spurred debate about how exactly to define a planet. 　The International Astronomical Union (IAU) adopted a standard by which the four terrestrials and four giants qualify, placing Ceres, Pluto and Eris in the category of dwarf planet, although many planetary scientists have continued to apply the term planet more broadly. 　Further advances in astronomy led to the discovery of over five thousand planets outside the Solar System, termed exoplanets. 　These include hot Jupiters—giant planets that orbit close to their parent stars—like 51 Pegasi b, super-Earths like Gliese 581c that have masses in between that of Earth and Neptune; and planets smaller than Earth, like Kepler-20e. 　Multiple exoplanets have been found to orbit in the habitable zones of their stars, but Earth remains the only planet known to support life.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>rounded</b> | 'raundid | a. curving and somewhat round in shape rather than jagged | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rounded>a. 圆形的, 滚圆的, 完整的, 圆润的</a> |  | round | 4.89
<b>neither</b> | 'naiðә | s. not either; not one or the other | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neither>adv. 皆不, 两个都不<br>a. (两者)都不的<br>pron. 两者都不<br>conj. 既非, 既不</a> |  |  | 4.29
<b>nor</b> | nɒ: | conj. A negative connective or particle, introducing the second<br> member or clause of a negative proposition, following neither, or not,<br> in the first member or clause (as or in affirmative propositions<br> follows either). Nor is also used sometimes in the first member for<br> neither, and sometimes the neither is omitted and implied by the use of<br> nor. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nor>conj. 也不, 也没有<br>[计] 或非</a> |  |  | 4.17
<b>remnant</b> | 'remnәnt | n a small part or portion that remains after the main part no longer exists<br>n a piece of cloth that is left over after the rest has been used or sold | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/remnant>n. 剩余, 零料, 遗迹<br>a. 剩余的, 残余的</a> |  |  | 5.24
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brazil>Brazil</a> 
<font size=3>
Coordinates: 10°S 52°W﻿ / ﻿10°S 52°W﻿ / -10; -52 Brazil (Portuguese: Brasil; Brazilian Portuguese: [bɾaˈziw] (listen)), officially the Federative Republic of Brazil (Portuguese: República Federativa do Brasil), is the largest country in South America and in Latin America. 　At 8.5 million square kilometers (3,300,000 sq mi) and with over 217 million people, Brazil is the world's fifth-largest country by area and the seventh most populous. 　Its capital is Brasília, and its most populous city is São Paulo. 　The federation is composed of the union of the 26 states and the Federal District. 　It is the only country in the Americas to have Portuguese as an official language. 　It is one of the most multicultural and ethnically diverse nations, due to over a century of mass immigration from around the world, and the most populous Roman Catholic-majority country. 　Bounded by the Atlantic Ocean on the east, Brazil has a coastline of 7,491 kilometers (4,655 mi). 　It borders all other countries and territories in South America except Ecuador and Chile and covers roughly half of the continent's land area. 　Its Amazon basin includes a vast tropical forest, home to diverse wildlife, a variety of ecological systems, and extensive natural resources spanning numerous protected habitats. 　This unique environmental heritage positions Brazil at number one of 17 megadiverse countries, and is the subject of significant global interest, as environmental degradation through processes like deforestation has direct impacts on global issues like climate change and biodiversity loss. 　The territory which would become known as Brazil was inhabited by numerous tribal nations prior to the landing in 1500 of explorer Pedro Álvares Cabral, who claimed the discovered land for the Portuguese Empire. 　Brazil remained a Portuguese colony until 1808 when the capital of the empire was transferred from Lisbon to Rio de Janeiro. 　In 1815, the colony was elevated to the rank of kingdom upon the formation of the United Kingdom of Portugal, Brazil and the Algarves. 　Independence was achieved in 1822 with the creation of the Empire of Brazil, a unitary state governed under a constitutional monarchy and a parliamentary system. 　The ratification of the first constitution in 1824 led to the formation of a bicameral legislature, now called the National Congress. 　Slavery was abolished in 1888. 　The country became a presidential republic in 1889 following a military coup d'état. 　An authoritarian military junta came to power in 1964 and ruled until 1985, after which civilian governance resumed. 　Brazil's current constitution, formulated in 1988, defines it as a democratic federal republic. 　Due to its rich culture and history, the country ranks thirteenth in the world by number of UNESCO World Heritage Sites. 　A major non-NATO ally of the United States, Brazil is a regional and middle power, and is also classified as an emerging power. 　Categorised as developing country with a high Human Development Index, Brazil is considered an advanced emerging economy, having the twelfth largest GDP in the world by nominal, and ninth by PPP measures, the largest in Latin America. 　As an upper-middle income economy by the World Bank and a newly industrialized country, Brazil has the largest share of global wealth in South America and it is one of the world's major breadbaskets, being the largest producer of coffee for the last 150 years. 　However, the country retains noticeable corruption, crime and social inequality. 　Brazil is a founding member of the United Nations, the G20, BRICS, Mercosul, Organization of American States, Organization of Ibero-American States and the Community of Portuguese Language Countries.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>Brazil</b> | brә'zil | n. the largest Latin American country and the largest Portuguese speaking country in the world; located in the central and northeastern part of South America; world's leading coffee exporter | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brazil>n. 巴西</a> |  |  | 4.44
<b>Portuguese</b> | .pɒ:tju'gi:z | n. the Romance language spoken in Portugal and Brazil<br>n. a native or inhabitant of Portugal<br>a. of or relating to or characteristic of Portugal or the people of Portugal or their language | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Portuguese>n. 葡萄牙人, 葡萄牙语<br>a. 葡萄牙的, 葡萄牙人的, 葡萄牙语的</a> |  | portuguese | 4.53
<b>Brasil</b> | brә'zil | n the largest Latin American country and the largest Portuguese speaking country in the world; located in the central and northeastern part of South America; world's leading coffee exporter | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brasil><葡><西>=Brazil</a> |  |  | 5.67
<b>Brazilian</b> | brә'ziljәn | n. a native or inhabitant of Brazil<br>a. of or relating to or characteristic of Brazil or the people of Brazil | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brazilian>n. 巴西人<br>a. 巴西的, 巴西人的</a> |  |  | 4.64
<b>federative</b> | 'fedәrәtiv | a. Uniting in a league; forming a confederacy; federal. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/federative>a. 联合的, 联邦的, 联邦性的</a> |  |  | 6.32
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poetry>Poetry</a> 
<font size=3>
Poetry (derived from the Greek poiesis, "making"), also called verse, is a form of literature that uses aesthetic and often rhythmic qualities of language − such as phonaesthetics, sound symbolism, and metre − to evoke meanings in addition to, or in place of, a prosaic ostensible meaning. 　A poem is a literary composition, written by a poet, using this principle. 　Poetry has a long and varied history, evolving differentially across the globe. 　It dates back at least to prehistoric times with hunting poetry in Africa and to panegyric and elegiac court poetry of the empires of the Nile, Niger, and Volta River valleys. 　Some of the earliest written poetry in Africa occurs among the Pyramid Texts written during the 25th century BCE. 　The earliest surviving Western Asian epic poetry, the Epic of Gilgamesh, was written in Sumerian. 　Early poems in the Eurasian continent evolved from folk songs such as the Chinese Shijing, as well as religious hymns (the Sanskrit Rigveda, the Zoroastrian Gathas, the Hurrian songs, and the Hebrew Psalms); or from a need to retell oral epics, as with the Egyptian Story of Sinuhe, the Indian epic poetry, and the Homeric epics, the Iliad and the Odyssey. 　Ancient Greek attempts to define poetry, such as Aristotle's Poetics, focused on the uses of speech in rhetoric, drama, song, and comedy. 　Later attempts concentrated on features such as repetition, verse form, and rhyme, and emphasized the aesthetics which distinguish poetry from more objectively-informative prosaic writing. 　Poetry uses forms and conventions to suggest differential interpretations of words, or to evoke emotive responses. 　Devices such as assonance, alliteration, onomatopoeia, and rhythm may convey musical or incantatory effects. 　The use of ambiguity, symbolism, irony, and other stylistic elements of poetic diction often leaves a poem open to multiple interpretations. 　Similarly, figures of speech such as metaphor, simile, and metonymy establish a resonance between otherwise disparate images—a layering of meanings, forming connections previously not perceived. 　Kindred forms of resonance may exist, between individual verses, in their patterns of rhyme or rhythm. 　Some poetry types are unique to particular cultures and genres and respond to characteristics of the language in which the poet writes. 　Readers accustomed to identifying poetry with Dante, Goethe, Mickiewicz, or Rumi may think of it as written in lines based on rhyme and regular meter. 　There are, however, traditions, such as Biblical poetry, that use other means to create rhythm and euphony. 　Much modern poetry reflects a critique of poetic tradition, testing the principle of euphony itself or altogether forgoing rhyme or set rhythm. 　In an increasingly globalized world, poets often adapt forms, styles, and techniques from diverse cultures and languages. 　Poets have contributed to the evolution of the linguistic, expressive, and utilitarian qualities of their languages. 　A Western cultural tradition (extending at least from Homer to Rilke) associates the production of poetry with inspiration – often by a Muse (either classical or contemporary). 　In many poems, the lyrics are spoken by a character, who is called the speaker. 　This concept differentiates the speaker (character) from the poet (author), which is usually an important distinction: for example, if the poem runs "I killed a man in Reno", it is the speaker who is the murderer, not the poet himself.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>verse</b> | vә:s | n. a piece of poetry<br>n. a line of metrical text<br>v. compose verses or put into verse<br>v. familiarize through thorough study or experience | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/verse>n. 诗, 韵文, 诗句<br>vt. 用诗表达<br>vi. 作诗</a> | vers, vert |  | 4.83
<b>rhythmic</b> | 'riðmik | a recurring with measured regularity | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rhythmic>a. 有韵律的, 有节奏的</a> |  |  | 5.33
<b>qualities</b> | ˈkwɔlitiz | pl. of Quality | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/qualities>n. 质( quality的名词复数 ); 特点; 品质; 优点</a> |  | quality | 5.03
<b>symbolism</b> | 'simbәlizm | n. a system of symbols and symbolic representations<br>n. the practice of investing things with symbolic meaning<br>n. an artistic movement in the late 19th century that tried to express abstract or mystical ideas through the symbolic use of images | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/symbolism>n. 象征主义, 符号论<br>[医] 象征主义</a> |  |  | 5.55
<b>evoke</b> | i'vәuk | v call forth (emotions, feelings, and responses)<br>v evoke or provoke to appear or occur<br>v deduce (a principle) or construe (a meaning)<br>v summon into action or bring into existence, often as if by magic<br>v call to mind | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/evoke>vt. 唤起, 引起, 召(魂)<br>[法] 提审, 移送</a> | voc, -voke |  | 5.82
<b>prosaic</b> | prәu'zeiik | s not fanciful or imaginative<br>s lacking wit or imagination<br>s not challenging; dull and lacking excitement | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prosaic>a. 散文的, 散文体的, 平凡的</a> |  |  | 6.44
<b>ostensible</b> | ɒs'tensibl | s. represented or appearing as such; pretended | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ostensible>a. 表面的, 假装的, 看得出的<br>[经] 表面的, 诡称的</a> |  |  | 6.45
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stomach>Stomach</a> 
<font size=3>
The stomach is a muscular, hollow organ in the gastrointestinal tract of humans and many other animals, including several invertebrates. 　The stomach has a dilated structure and functions as a vital organ in the digestive system. 　The stomach is involved in the gastric phase of digestion, following chewing. 　It performs a chemical breakdown by means of enzymes and hydrochloric acid. 　In humans and many other animals, the stomach is located between the esophagus and the small intestine. 　The stomach secretes digestive enzymes and gastric acid to aid in food digestion. 　The pyloric sphincter controls the passage of partially digested food (chyme) from the stomach into the duodenum, where peristalsis takes over to move this through the rest of intestines.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>stomach</b> | 'stʌmәk | n. an enlarged and muscular saclike organ of the alimentary canal; the principal organ of digestion<br>n. an inclination or liking for things involving conflict or difficulty or unpleasantness<br>n. an appetite for food<br>v. bear to eat | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stomach>n. 胃, 食欲, 欲望, 肚子<br>vt. 吃下, 忍受</a> |  |  | 4.45
<b>hollow</b> | 'hɒlәu | n. a cavity or space in something<br>n. a small valley between mountains<br>v. remove the interior of<br>a. not solid; having a space or gap or cavity | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hollow>n. 洞, 窟窿, 山谷<br>a. 空的, 虚伪的, 空腹的, 凹的<br>vi. 形成空洞<br>vt. 挖空</a> |  |  | 4.94
<b>gastrointestinal</b> | ,^æstrәuin'testәnl | a. of or relating to the stomach and intestines | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gastrointestinal>a. 胃肠的, 肠胃的<br>[医] 胃肠的</a> |  |  | 5.76
<b>tract</b> | trækt | n. an extended area of land<br>n. a system of body parts that together serve some particular purpose<br>n. a brief treatise on a subject of interest; published in the form of a booklet | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tract>n. 大片土地, 地带, 小册子<br>[医] 束, 道</a> | tract |  | 5.15
<b>invertebrates</b> | ɪn'vɜ:təbreɪts | n. any animal lacking a backbone or notochord; the term is not used as a scientific classification | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/invertebrates>n. 无脊椎动物( invertebrate的复数形式 )</a> |  | invertebrate | 5.61
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demand>Demand</a> 
<font size=3>
In economics, demand is the quantity of a good that consumers are willing and able to purchase at various prices during a given time. 　The relationship between price and quantity demand is also called the demand curve. 　Demand for a specific item is a function of an item's perceived necessity, price, perceived quality, convenience, available alternatives, purchasers' disposable income and tastes, and many other options.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>willing</b> | 'wiliŋ | a. disposed or inclined toward | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/willing>a. 乐意的, 自愿的, 甘愿的</a> |  |  | 4.59
<b>purchase</b> | 'pә:tʃәs | n. the acquisition of something for payment<br>n. something acquired by purchase<br>n. a means of exerting influence or gaining advantage | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/purchase>n. 购买, 购买品, 紧握, 绞辘<br>vt. 购买, 赢得, 努力取得, 用滑轮起(锚等)</a> |  |  | 4.53
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suit>Suit</a> 
<font size=3>
A suit, lounge suit, or business suit is a set of clothes comprising a suit jacket and trousers of identical textiles worn with a collared dress shirt, necktie, and dress shoes. 　A skirt suit is similar, but with a matching skirt instead of trousers. 　It is considered informal wear in Western dress codes. 　The lounge suit originated in 19th-century Britain as a more casual alternative for sportswear and British country clothing, with roots in early modern Western Europe. 　After replacing the black frock coat in the early 20th century as regular daywear, a sober one-colored suit became known as a lounge suit. 　Suits are offered in different designs and constructions. 　Cut and cloth, whether two- or three-piece, single- or double-breasted, vary, in addition to various accessories. 　A two-piece suit has a jacket and trousers; a three-piece suit adds a waistcoat. 　Hats were almost always worn outdoors (and sometimes indoors) with all men's clothes until the counterculture of the 1960s in Western culture. 　Informal suits have been traditionally worn with a fedora, a trilby, or a flat cap. 　Other accessories include handkerchief, suspenders or belt, watch, and jewelry. 　Other notable types of suits are for semi-formal occasions—the dinner suit (black tie) and the black lounge suit (stroller)—both which arose as less formal alternatives for the formal wear of the dress coat for white tie, and the morning coat with formal trousers for morning dress, respectively. 　Originally, suits were always tailor-made from the client's selected cloth. 　These are now known as bespoke suits, custom-made to measurements, taste, and style preferences. 　Since the 1960s, most suits are mass-produced ready-to-wear garments. 　Currently, suits are offered in roughly four ways: bespoke, in which the garment is custom-made by a tailor from a pattern created entirely from the customer's measurements, giving the best fit and free choice of fabric; made to measure, in which a pre-made pattern is modified to fit the customer, and a limited selection of options and fabrics is available; ready-to-wear, off-the-peg (Commonwealth English), or off-the-rack (American English), which is sold as is, although some tailor alteration tends to be required; suit separates, where lounge jacket and trousers are sold separately in order to minimize alterations needed, including also odd-colored blazers or sports coats as smart casual options
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>suit</b> | sju:t. su:t | n. a set of garments (usually including a jacket and trousers or skirt) for outerwear all of the same fabric and color<br>n. (slang) a businessman dressed in a business suit<br>n. a petition or appeal made to a person of superior status or rank<br>n. playing card in any of four sets of 13 cards in a pack; each set has its own symbol and color | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/suit>n. 套装, 诉讼, 请求, 起诉, 套, 组<br>vt. 适合, 使适应<br>vi. 合适, 相称</a> |  |  | 4.45
<b>lounge</b> | laundʒ | n. a room (as in a hotel or airport) with seating where people can wait<br>v. sit or recline comfortably | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lounge>n. 闲逛, 休闲室, 长沙发<br>vi. 闲混, (懒洋洋地)躺<br>vt. 闲混</a> |  |  | 5.21
<b>clothes</b> | klәuðz | n clothing in general<br>v provide with clothes or put clothes on<br>v furnish with power or authority; of kings or emperors<br>v cover as if with clothing | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/clothes>n. 衣服</a> |  | clothe | 4.40
<b>jacket</b> | 'dʒækit | n. a short coat<br>n. an outer wrapping or casing<br>n. the outer skin of a potato<br>n. the tough metal shell casing for certain kinds of ammunition | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jacket>n. 夹克, 外套, 护套<br>vt. 给...穿夹克, 给...装护套</a> |  |  | 4.78
<b>trousers</b> | 'trauzәz | n (usually in the plural) a garment extending from the waist to the knee or ankle, covering each leg separately<br>n a garment (or part of a garment) designed for or relating to trousers | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trousers>pl. 裤子, 长裤</a> |  | trouser | 5.34
<b>identical</b> | ai'dentikәl | s. exactly alike; incapable of being perceived as different<br>s. being the exact same one; not any other:<br>a. (of twins) derived from a single egg or ovum<br>s. having properties with uniform values along all axes | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/identical>a. 同一的, 恒等的, 完全相同的<br>[医] 同一的, 同等的</a> |  |  | 4.69
<b>necktie</b> | 'nektai | n. neckwear consisting of a long narrow piece of material worn (mostly by men) under a collar and tied in knot at the front | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/necktie>n. 领带</a> |  |  | 6.52
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swedish>Swedish</a> 
<font size=3>
Look up Swedish, svensk, or svenska in Wiktionary, the free dictionary. 　Swedish or svensk(a) may refer to: Anything from or related to Sweden, a country in Northern Europe. 　Or, specifically: Swedish language, a North Germanic language spoken primarily in Sweden and Finland Swedish alphabet, the official alphabet used by the Swedish language Swedish people or Swedes, persons with a Swedish ancestral or ethnic identity A national or citizen of Sweden, see demographics of Sweden Culture of Sweden Swedish cuisine
</font>

<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regime>Regime</a> 
<font size=3>
In politics, a regime (also "régime") is the form of government or the set of rules, cultural or social norms, etc. that regulate the operation of a government or institution and its interactions with society. 　According to Yale professor Juan José Linz there a three main types of political regimes today: democracies, totalitarian regimes and, sitting between these two, authoritarian regimes (with hybrid regimes).
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>regime</b> | rei'ʒi:m | n the organization that is the governing authority of a political unit<br>n (medicine) a systematic plan for therapy (often including diet) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/regime>n. 政权, 当权期间, 政体, 社会制度, 体制, 情态<br>[医] 制度, 生活制度</a> | reg, rect, rig1 |  | 4.45
<b>interactions</b> | ɪntə'rækʃnz | n. a mutual or reciprocal action; interacting<br>n. (physics) the transfer of energy between elementary particles or between an elementary particle and a field or between fields; mediated by gauge bosons | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/interactions>n. 一起活动( interaction的复数形式 ); 合作; 互相影响; 互动</a> |  | interaction | 4.44
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cemetery>Cemetery</a> 
<font size=3>
A cemetery is a place where the remains of dead people are buried or interred, it is a type of burial ground. 　The word cemetery (from Greek κοιμητήριον, means "sleeping place") implies that the land is specifically designated as a burial ground and originally applied to the Roman catacombs. 　The term graveyard is often used interchangeably with cemetery, but a graveyard primarily refers to a burial ground within a churchyard. 　The intact or cremated remains of people may be interred in a grave, commonly referred to as burial, or in a tomb, an "above-ground grave" (resembling a sarcophagus), a mausoleum, columbarium, niche, or other edifice. 　In Western cultures, funeral ceremonies are often observed in cemeteries. 　These ceremonies or rites of passage differ according to cultural practices and religious beliefs. 　Modern cemeteries often include crematoria, and some grounds previously used for both, continue as crematoria as a principal use long after the interment areas have been filled.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>cemetery</b> | 'semitәri | n. a tract of land used for burials | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cemetery>n. 墓地, 公墓<br>[法] 公墓, 墓地</a> |  |  | 4.45
<b>interred</b> | ɪnˈtɜ:d | imp. & p. p. of Inter | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/interred>v. 埋, 葬( inter的过去式和过去分词 )</a> |  | inter | 5.37
<b>burial</b> | 'beriәl | n. the ritual placing of a corpse in a grave | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/burial>n. 埋葬, 葬礼<br>[法] 埋葬, 葬礼</a> |  |  | 4.91
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grey>Grey</a> 
<font size=3>
Look up grey or gray in Wiktionary, the free dictionary. 　Grey (more common in British English) or gray (more common in American English) is an intermediate color between black and white. 　It is a neutral or achromatic color, meaning literally that it is "without color", because it can be composed of black and white. 　It is the color of a cloud-covered sky, of ash and of lead. 　The first recorded use of grey as a color name in the English language was in 700 CE. 　Grey is the dominant spelling in European and Commonwealth English, while gray has been the preferred spelling in American English; both spellings are valid in both varieties of English. 　In Europe and North America, surveys show that grey is the color most commonly associated with neutrality, conformity, boredom, uncertainty, old age, indifference, and modesty. 　Only one percent of respondents chose it as their favorite color.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>grey</b> | grei | n. United States writer of western adventure novels (1875-1939)<br>n. Queen of England for nine days in 1553; she was quickly replaced by Mary Tudor and beheaded for treason (1537-1554)<br>n. Englishman who as Prime Minister implemented social reforms including the abolition of slavery throughout the British Empire (1764-1845)<br>n. any organization or party whose uniforms or badges are grey | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grey>n. 灰色<br>a. 灰色的, 阴沉的<br>v. (使)成灰色</a> |  |  | 4.45
</font>
<br>



