## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Statue>Statue</a> 
<font size=3>
A statue is a free-standing sculpture in which the realistic, full-length figures of persons or animals are carved or cast in a durable material such as wood, metal or stone. 　Typical statues are life-sized or close to life-size; a sculpture that represents persons or animals in full figure but that is small enough to lift and carry is a statuette or figurine, whilst one more than twice life-size is a colossal statue. 　Statues have been produced in many cultures from prehistory to the present; the oldest-known statue dating to about 30,000 years ago. 　Statues represent many different people and animals, real and mythical. 　Many statues are placed in public places as public art. 　The world's tallest statue, Statue of Unity, is 182 metres (597 ft) tall and is located near the Narmada dam in Gujarat, India.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>statue</b> | 'stætju | n. a sculpture representing a human or animal | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/statue>vt. 以雕像装饰<br>n. 雕像</a> | sta, stas, stat, stant, -stance |  | 4.64
<b>sculpture</b> | 'skʌlptʃә | n. a three-dimensional work of plastic art<br>n. creating figures or designs in three dimensions | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sculpture>n. 雕刻, 雕塑<br>vt. 雕刻, 雕塑<br>vi. 当雕刻师</a> |  |  | 4.72
<b>realistic</b> | riә'listik | a. aware or expressing awareness of things as they really are<br>a. of or relating to the philosophical doctrine of realism | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/realistic>a. 现实的, 逼真的, 现实主义的, 实在论的</a> |  |  | 4.83
<b>cast</b> | kɑ:st. kæst | n. the actors in a play<br>n. the distinctive form in which a thing is made<br>n. bandage consisting of a firm covering (often made of plaster of Paris) that immobilizes broken bones while they heal<br>n. object formed by a mold | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cast>n. 演员阵容, 投掷, 铸件, 预测, 特性<br>vt. 投, 掷, 抛, 脱落, 铸, 使弯曲, 计算<br>vi. 投, 计算, 浇铸成型</a> |  |  | 4.16
<b>durable</b> | 'djurәbl | s. existing for a long time<br>s. capable of withstanding wear and tear and decay<br>s. very long lasting | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/durable>a. 持久的, 耐用的</a> | -able, -ible, -ble |  | 5.66
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ambassador>Ambassador</a> 
<font size=3>
An ambassador is an official envoy, especially a high-ranking diplomat who represents a state and is usually accredited to another sovereign state or to an international organization as the resident representative of their own government or sovereign or appointed for a special and often temporary diplomatic assignment. 　The word is also used informally for people who are known, without national appointment, to represent certain professions, activities, and fields of endeavor, such as sales. 　An ambassador is the ranking government representative stationed in a foreign capital or country. 　The host country typically allows the ambassador control of specific territory called an embassy, whose territory, staff, and vehicles are generally afforded diplomatic immunity in the host country. 　Under the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations, an ambassador has the highest diplomatic rank. 　Countries may choose to maintain diplomatic relations at a lower level by appointing a chargé d'affaires in place of an ambassador. 　The equivalent to an ambassador exchanged among members of the Commonwealth of Nations are known as High Commissioners. 　The ambassadors of the Holy See are known as Papal or Apostolic Nuncios.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>ambassador</b> | æm'bæsәdә | n. a diplomat of the highest rank; accredited as representative from one country to another<br>n. an informal representative | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ambassador>n. 大使<br>[法] 大使, 使节, 代理</a> |  |  | 4.64
<b>envoy</b> | 'envɒi | n. a diplomat having less authority than an ambassador<br>n. a brief stanza concluding certain forms of poetry | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/envoy>n. 外交使节, 特使<br>[法] 使者, 代表, 使节</a> |  |  | 5.47
<b>diplomat</b> | 'diplәmæt | n. an official engaged in international negotiations<br>n. a person who deals tactfully with others | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/diplomat>n. 外交官, 有外交手腕的人<br>[法] 外交家, 外交官, 有权谋的人</a> |  |  | 5.14
<b>accredited</b> | ә'kreditid | s. given official approval to act | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/accredited>v. 认可（accredit的过去分词形式）</a> |  | accredit | 5.15
<b>resident</b> | 'rezidәnt | n. someone who lives at a particular place for a prolonged period or who was born there<br>a. living in a particular place | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/resident>n. 居民, 常驻程序, 居住者, 留鸟<br>a. 居留的, 定居的</a> | -ant, -ent |  | 4.68
<b>appointed</b> | ә'pɔintid | s. selected for a job<br>s. fixed or established especially by order or command<br>s. provided with furnishing and accessories (especially of a tasteful kind) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/appointed>[法] 派任的, 任命的, 指定的</a> |  | appoint | 3.92
<b>temporary</b> | 'tempәrәri | n a worker (especially in an office) hired on a temporary basis<br>a not permanent; not lasting<br>s lacking continuity or regularity | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/temporary>a. 暂时的, 临时的<br>n. 临时工, 临时雇员<br>[计] 临时</a> | -ary1 |  | 4.58
<b>diplomatic</b> | .diplә'mætik | a. relating to or characteristic of diplomacy<br>a. using or marked by tact in dealing with sensitive matters or people | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/diplomatic>a. 外交的, 老练的<br>[法] 外交的, 外交上的, 文献上的</a> |  |  | 4.78
<b>assignment</b> | ә'sainmәnt | n. a duty that you are assigned to perform (especially in the armed forces)<br>n. the instrument by which a claim or right or interest or property is transferred from one person to another<br>n. the act of distributing something to designated places or persons<br>n. an undertaking that you have been assigned to do (as by an instructor) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/assignment>n. 分配, 功课, 任务, 转让, 归因, 陈述<br>[计] 赋值</a> |  |  | 4.88
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cavalry>Cavalry</a> 
<font size=3>
Historically, cavalry (from the French word cavalerie, itself derived from "cheval" meaning "horse") are soldiers or warriors who fight mounted on horseback. 　Cavalry were the most mobile of the combat arms, operating as light cavalry in the roles of reconnaissance, screening, and skirmishing in many armies, or as heavy cavalry for decisive shock attacks in other armies. 　An individual soldier in the cavalry is known by a number of designations depending on era and tactics, such as cavalryman, horseman, trooper, cataphract, knight, drabant, hussar, uhlan, mamluk, cuirassier, lancer, dragoon, or horse archer. 　The designation of cavalry was not usually given to any military forces that used other animals for mounts, such as camels or elephants. 　Infantry who moved on horseback, but dismounted to fight on foot, were known in the early 17th to the early 18th century as dragoons, a class of mounted infantry which in most armies later evolved into standard cavalry while retaining their historic designation. 　Cavalry had the advantage of improved mobility, and a soldier fighting from horseback also had the advantages of greater height, speed, and inertial mass over an opponent on foot. 　Another element of horse mounted warfare is the psychological impact a mounted soldier can inflict on an opponent. 　The speed, mobility, and shock value of cavalry was greatly appreciated and exploited in armed forces in the Ancient and Middle Ages; some forces were mostly cavalry, particularly in nomadic societies of Asia, notably the Huns of Attila and the later Mongol armies. 　In Europe, cavalry became increasingly armoured (heavy), and eventually evolving into the mounted knights of the medieval period. 　During the 17th century, cavalry in Europe discarded most of its armor, which was ineffective against the muskets and cannons that were coming into common use, and by the mid-18th century armor had mainly fallen into obsolescence, although some regiments retained a small thickened cuirass that offered protection against lances, sabres, and bayonets; including some protection against a shot from distance. 　In the interwar period, while some cavalry still served during World War II (notably in the Red Army, the Mongolian People's Army, the Royal Italian Army, the Romanian Army, the Polish Land Forces, and light reconnaissance units within the Waffen SS) many cavalry units were converted into motorized infantry and mechanized infantry units, or reformed as tank troops. 　The cavalry tank or cruiser tank was one designed with a speed and purpose beyond that of infantry tanks and would subsequently develop into the main battle tank. 　Most cavalry units that are horse-mounted in modern armies serve in purely ceremonial roles, or as mounted infantry in difficult terrain such as mountains or heavily forested areas. 　Modern usage of the term generally refers to units performing the role of reconnaissance, surveillance, and target acquisition (analogous to historical light cavalry) or main battle tank units (analogous to historical heavy cavalry).
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>cavalry</b> | 'kævәlri | n. troops trained to fight on horseback<br>n. a highly mobile army unit | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cavalry>n. 骑兵</a> |  |  | 4.64
<b>cheval</b> | ʃә'væl | n. A horse; hence, a support or frame. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cheval>glass(装于直立架上可转动的)穿衣镜</a> |  |  | 6.45
<b>warriors</b> | 'wɒrɪəz | n. someone engaged in or experienced in warfare | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warriors>n. 武士, 勇士, 战士( warrior的复数形式 )</a> |  | warrior | 4.74
<b>horseback</b> | 'hɒ:sbæk | n. the back of a horse<br>r. on the back of a horse | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/horseback>n. 马背<br>adv. 在马背上, 骑在马上</a> |  |  | 5.48
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Golf>Golf</a> 
<font size=3>
Golf is a club-and-ball sport in which players use various clubs to hit balls into a series of holes on a course in as few strokes as possible. 　Golf, unlike most ball games, cannot and does not use a standardized playing area, and coping with the varied terrains encountered on different courses is a key part of the game. 　Courses typically have either 18 or 9 holes, regions of terrain that each contain a cup, the hole that receives the ball. 　Each hole on a course contains a teeing ground to start from, and a putting green containing the cup. 　There are several standard forms of terrain between the tee and the green, such as the fairway, rough (tall grass), and various hazards such as water, rocks, or sand-filled bunkers. 　Each hole on a course is unique in its specific layout. 　Golf is played for the lowest number of strokes by an individual, known as stroke play, or the lowest score on the most individual holes in a complete round by an individual or team, known as match play. 　Stroke play is the most commonly seen format at all levels, especially at the elite level. 　The modern game of golf originated in 15th century Scotland. 　The 18-hole round was created at the Old Course at St Andrews in 1764. 　Golf's first major, and the world's oldest tournament in existence, is The Open Championship, also known as the British Open, which was first played in 1860 at the Prestwick Golf Club in Ayrshire, Scotland. 　This is one of the four major championships in men's professional golf, the other three being played in the United States: The Masters, the U.S. Open, and the PGA Championship.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>golf</b> | gɒlf | n. a game played on a large open course with 9 or 18 holes; the object is use as few strokes as possible in playing all the holes<br>v. play golf | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/golf>n. 高尔夫球<br>vi. 打高尔夫球</a> |  |  | 4.64
<b>club</b> | klʌb | n. a formal association of people with similar interests<br>n. stout stick that is larger at one end<br>n. a playing card in the minor suit that has one or more black trefoils on it<br>v. unite with a common purpose | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/club>n. 俱乐部, 木棍, 球棒<br>vt. 用棍棒打, 缴纳<br>vi. 联合起来<br>a. 俱乐部的</a> |  |  | 3.57
<b>hit</b> | hit | n. (baseball) a successful stroke in an athletic contest (especially in baseball)<br>n. the act of contacting one thing with another<br>n. a conspicuous success<br>n. a dose of a narcotic drug | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hit>n. 打击, 打, 冲撞, 讽刺<br>vt. 打, 打击, 碰撞, 打中, 袭击, 偶然碰上<br>vi. 打, 打中, 打击, 碰撞, 偶然碰上<br>[计] 击中; 找到; 瞬时打扰</a> |  |  | 3.99
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alabama>Alabama</a> 
<font size=3>
Alabama (/ˌæləˈbæmə/) is a state in the Southeastern region of the United States, bordered by Tennessee to the north; Georgia to the east; Florida and the Gulf of Mexico to the south; and Mississippi to the west. 　Alabama is the 30th largest by area and the 24th-most populous of the U.S. states. 　With a total of 1,500 miles (2,400 km) of inland waterways, Alabama has among the most of any state. 　Alabama is nicknamed the Yellowhammer State, after the state bird. 　Alabama is also known as the "Heart of Dixie" and the "Cotton State". 　The state tree is the longleaf pine, and the state flower is the camellia. 　Alabama's capital is Montgomery, and its largest city by population and area is Huntsville. 　Its oldest city is Mobile, founded by French colonists in 1702 as the capital of French Louisiana. 　Greater Birmingham is Alabama's largest metropolitan area and its economic center. 　Originally home to many native tribes, present-day Alabama was a Spanish territory beginning in the sixteenth century until the French acquired it in the early eighteenth century. 　The British won the territory in 1763 until losing it in the American Revolutionary War. 　Spain held Mobile as part of Spanish West Florida until 1813. 　In December 1819, Alabama was recognized as a state. 　During the antebellum period, Alabama was a major producer of cotton, and widely used African American slave labor. 　In 1861, the state seceded from the United States to become part of the Confederate States of America, with Montgomery acting as its first capital, and rejoined the Union in 1868. 　Following the American Civil War, Alabama would suffer decades of economic hardship, in part due to agriculture and a few cash crops being the main driver of the state's economy. 　Similar to other former slave states, Alabamian legislators employed Jim Crow laws which disenfranchised and discriminated against African Americans and also Alabama's French Creole population[citation needed] from the late 19th century up until the 1960s. 　In the early 20th century, despite the growth of major industries and urban centers, white rural interests dominated the state legislature through the mid-20th century. 　During this time, urban interests and African Americans were markedly under-represented. 　High-profile events such as the Selma to Montgomery march made the state a major focal point of the civil rights movement in the 1950s and 1960s. 　During and after World War II, Alabama grew as the state's economy diversified with new industries. 　NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville would help Alabama's economic growth in the mid-to-late 20th century, by developing an aerospace industry. 　Alabama's economy in the 21st century is based on automotive, finance, tourism, manufacturing, aerospace, mineral extraction, healthcare, education, retail, and technology. 　The state's geography is diverse, with the north dominated by the mountainous Tennessee Valley and the south by Mobile Bay, a historically significant port. 　Politically, as part of the Deep South, Alabama is predominantly a conservative state, and is known for its Southern culture. 　Within Alabama, American football, particularly at the college level at schools such as the University of Alabama, Auburn University, Alabama A&M University, Alabama State University, Troy University, the University of South Alabama, and Jacksonville State University, plays a major part of the state's culture.
</font>

<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Collective>Collective</a> 
<font size=3>
A collective is a group of entities that share or are motivated by at least one common issue or interest, or work together to achieve a common objective.　[citation needed] Collectives can differ from cooperatives in that they are not necessarily focused upon an economic benefit or saving, but can be that as well. 　The term "collective" is sometimes used to describe a species as a whole—for example, the human collective. 　For political purposes, a collective is defined by decentralized, or "majority-rules" decision making styles.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>share</b> | ʃєә | n. assets belonging to or due to or contributed by an individual person or group<br>n. any of the equal portions into which the capital stock of a corporation is divided and ownership of which is evidenced by a stock certificate<br>v. have in common<br>v. use jointly or in common | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/share>n. 部分, 参与, 一份, 参股, 份额<br>vt. 均分, 分担, 分享, 分配, 共有<br>vi. 分享<br>[计] 共享; DOS外部命令:在网络或多工系统中提供文件共享<br>文件锁定及检测磁盘更动和对超过32MB硬盘分区的支持</a> |  |  | 4.26
<b>motivated</b> | 'mәutiveitid | a. provided with a motive or given incentive for action | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/motivated>a. 有动机的, 目的明确的</a> |  | motivate | 4.85
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argentina>Argentina</a> 
<font size=3>
Coordinates: 34°S 64°W﻿ / ﻿34°S 64°W﻿ / -34; -64 Argentina (Spanish pronunciation: [aɾxenˈtina] (listen)), officially the Argentine Republic (Spanish: República Argentina), is a country in the southern half of South America. 　Argentina covers an area of 2,780,400 km2 (1,073,500 sq mi), making it the second-largest country in South America after Brazil, the fourth-largest country in the Americas, and the eighth-largest country in the world. 　It shares the bulk of the Southern Cone with Chile to the west, and is also bordered by Bolivia and Paraguay to the north, Brazil to the northeast, Uruguay and the South Atlantic Ocean to the east, and the Drake Passage to the south. 　Argentina is a federal state subdivided into twenty-three provinces, and one autonomous city, which is the federal capital and largest city of the nation, Buenos Aires. 　The provinces and the capital have their own constitutions, but exist under a federal system. 　Argentina claims sovereignty over the Falkland Islands, South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands, and a part of Antarctica. 　The earliest recorded human presence in modern-day Argentina dates back to the Paleolithic period. 　The Inca Empire expanded to the northwest of the country in Pre-Columbian times. 　The country has its roots in Spanish colonization of the region during the 16th century. 　Argentina rose as the successor state of the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata, a Spanish overseas viceroyalty founded in 1776. 　The declaration and fight for independence (1810–1818) was followed by an extended civil war that lasted until 1861, culminating in the country's reorganization as a federation. 　The country thereafter enjoyed relative peace and stability, with several waves of European immigration, mainly Italians and Spaniards, radically reshaping its cultural and demographic outlook; over 60% of the population has full or partial Italian ancestry, and Argentine culture has significant connections to Italian culture. 　The almost-unparalleled increase in prosperity led to Argentina becoming the seventh-wealthiest nation in the world by the early 20th century. 　In 1896, Argentina's GDP per capita surpassed that of the United States and was consistently in the top ten before at least 1920. 　Currently, it is ranked 62nd in the world. 　Following the Great Depression in the 1930s, Argentina descended into political instability and economic decline that pushed it back into underdevelopment, although it remained among the fifteen richest countries for several decades. 　Following the death of President Juan Perón in 1974, his widow and vice president, Isabel Perón, ascended to the presidency, before being overthrown in 1976. 　The following military junta, which was supported by the United States, persecuted and murdered thousands of political critics, activists, and leftists in the Dirty War, a period of state terrorism and civil unrest that lasted until the election of Raúl Alfonsín as president in 1983. 　Argentina is a regional power, and retains its historic status as a middle power in international affairs. 　A major non-NATO ally of the United States, Argentina is a developing country that ranks 47th in the Human Development Index, the second-highest in Latin America after Chile. 　It maintains the second-largest economy in South America, and is a member of G-15 and G20. 　Argentina is also a founding member of the United Nations, World Bank, World Trade Organization, Mercosur, Community of Latin American and Caribbean States and the Organization of Ibero-American States.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>Argentina</b> | .ɑ:dʒәn'ti:nә | n. a republic in southern South America; second largest country in South America<br>n. type genus of the Argentinidae: argentines | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argentina>n. 阿根廷</a> |  |  | 4.64
<b>tina</b> | 'ti:nә |  | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tina>n. 蒂娜（女子名）</a> |  |  | 5.25
<b>argentine</b> | 'ɑ:dʒәntain | n. any of various small silver-scaled salmon-like marine fishes<br>a. of or relating to or characteristic of Argentina or its people | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/argentine>n. 银, 银白色金属, 银白色鱼鳞, 阿根廷人<br>a. 银的, 银色的, 阿根廷的</a> |  |  | 4.90
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/License>License</a> 
<font size=3>
A license (or licence) is an official permission or permit to do, use, or own something (as well as the document of that permission or permit). 　A license is granted by a party (licensor) to another party (licensee) as an element of an agreement between those parties. 　In the case of a license issued by a government, the license is obtained by applying for it. 　In the case of a private party, it is by a specific agreement, usually in writing (such as a lease or other contract). 　The simplest definition is "A license is a promise not to sue," because a license usually either permits the licensed party to engage in an activity which is illegal, and subject to prosecution, without the license (e.g. fishing, driving an automobile, or operating a broadcast radio or television station), or it permits the licensed party to do something that would violate the rights of the licensing party (e.g. make copies of a copyrighted work), which, without the license, the licensed party could be sued, civilly, criminally, or both. 　In particular, a license may be issued by authorities, to allow an activity that would otherwise be forbidden. 　It may require paying a fee or proving a capability (or both). 　The requirement may also serve to keep the authorities informed on a type of activity, and to give them the opportunity to set conditions and limitations. 　A licensor may grant a license under intellectual property laws to authorize a use (such as copying software or using a patented invention) to a licensee, sparing the licensee from a claim of infringement brought by the licensor. 　A license under intellectual property commonly has several components beyond the grant itself, including a term, territory, renewal provisions, and other limitations deemed vital to the licensor. 　Term: many licenses are valid for a particular length of time. 　This protects the licensor should the value of the license increase, or market conditions change. 　It also preserves enforceability by ensuring that no license extends beyond the term of the agreement. 　Territory: a license may stipulate what territory the rights pertain to. 　For example, a license with a territory limited to "North America" (Mexico/United States/Canada) would not permit a licensee any protection from actions for use in Japan. 　Again, a shorthand definition of license is "a promise by the licensor not to sue the licensee". 　That means without a license any use or exploitation of intellectual property by a third party would amount to copying or infringement. 　Such copying would be improper and could, by using the legal system, be stopped if the intellectual property owner wanted to do so. 　Intellectual property licensing plays a major role in business, academia and broadcasting. 　Business practices such as franchising, technology transfer, publication and character merchandising entirely depend on the licensing of intellectual property. 　Land licensing (proprietary licensing) and IP licensing.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>license</b> | 'laisns | n. a legal document giving official permission to do something<br>n. freedom to deviate deliberately from normally applicable rules or practices (especially in behavior or speech)<br>n. excessive freedom; lack of due restraint<br>n. the act of giving a formal (usually written) authorization | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/license>n. 执照, 许可证, 特许<br>vt. 许可, 特许</a> |  |  | 4.64
<b>licence</b> | 'laisns | n excessive freedom; lack of due restraint<br>n freedom to deviate deliberately from normally applicable rules or practices (especially in behavior or speech)<br>n a legal document giving official permission to do something<br>v authorize officially | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/licence>n. 执照, 许可证, 特许<br>vt. 许可, 特许, 认可</a> |  |  | 5.12
<b>permission</b> | pә'miʃәn | n. approval to do something | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/permission>n. 许可, 允许<br>[计] 许可, 认可</a> | per- |  | 4.70
<b>permit</b> | pә'mit | n. large game fish; found in waters of the West Indies<br>v. consent to, give permission | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/permit>n. 许可证, 许可, 执照, 通行证<br>vt. 允许, 容许, 可能, 使放手做<br>vi. 容许, 给以机会, 提供可能</a> | per- |  | 4.84
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parking>Parking</a> 
<font size=3>
Parking is the act of stopping and disengaging a vehicle and leaving it unoccupied. 　Parking on one or both sides of a road is often permitted, though sometimes with restrictions. 　Some buildings have parking facilities for use of the buildings' users. 　Countries and local governments have rules for design and use of parking spaces. 　Car parking is essential to car-based travel. 　Cars are typically stationary around 95 per cent of the time. 　The availability and price of car parking supports and subsidize car dependency. 　Car parking uses up a lot of urban land, especially in North America - as much as half in many North American city centers.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>parking</b> | 'pɑ:kiŋ | n. space in which vehicles can be parked<br>n. the act of maneuvering a vehicle into a location where it can be left temporarily | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parking>n. 停车<br>a. 停车的</a> |  | park | 4.64
<b>stopping</b> | 'stɔpiŋ | n. the kind of playing that involves pressing the fingers on the strings of a stringed instrument to control the pitch | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stopping>n. 停止, 制动, 中止, 制止, 堵塞, 阻塞, 填充物, 填塞料, 风幛, 隔墙, 风墙<br>[计] 停机的</a> |  | stop | 4.80
<b>disengaging</b> | 'disin'^eidʒiŋ | v release from something that holds fast, connects, or entangles<br>v free or remove obstruction from<br>v become free | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/disengaging>分离, 解开, 脱扣, 绝缘的</a> |  | disengage | 6.75
<b>unoccupied</b> | .ʌn'ɒkjupaid | a. not held or filled or in use<br>a. not seized and controlled<br>s. not leased to or occupied by a tenant | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unoccupied>a. 空着的, 没人占的, 未被占领的</a> |  |  | 5.84
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oklahoma>Oklahoma</a> 
<font size=3>
Oklahoma (/ˌoʊkləˈhoʊmə/ (listen); Choctaw: Oklahumma [oklahómma]; Cherokee: ᎣᎧᎳᎰᎹ, Okalahoma [ògàlàhǒːmã́]) is a state in the South Central region of the United States, bordered by Texas on the south and west, Kansas on the north, Missouri on the northeast, Arkansas on the east, New Mexico on the west, and Colorado on the northwest. 　Partially in the western extreme of the Upland South, it is the 20th-most extensive and the 28th-most populous of the 50 United States. 　Its residents are known as Oklahomans and its capital and largest city is Oklahoma City. 　The state's name is derived from the Choctaw words okla, 'people' and humma, which translates as 'red'. 　Oklahoma is also known informally by its nickname, "The Sooner State", in reference to the settlers who staked their claims on land before the official opening date of lands in the western Oklahoma Territory or before the Indian Appropriations Act of 1889, which increased European-American settlement in the eastern Indian Territory. 　Oklahoma Territory and Indian Territory were merged into the State of Oklahoma when it became the 46th state to enter the union on November 16, 1907. 　With ancient mountain ranges, prairie, mesas, and eastern forests, most of Oklahoma lies in the Great Plains, Cross Timbers, and the U.S. Interior Highlands, all regions prone to severe weather. 　Oklahoma is at a confluence of three major American cultural regions. 　Historically it served as a government-sanctioned territory for Native Americans removed from east of the Mississippi River, a route for cattle drives from Texas and related regions, and a destination for Southern settlers. 　There are currently twenty-five Native American languages still spoken in Oklahoma. 　A major producer of natural gas, oil, and agricultural products, Oklahoma relies on an economic base of aviation, energy, telecommunications, and biotechnology. 　Oklahoma City and Tulsa serve as Oklahoma's primary economic anchors, with nearly two-thirds of Oklahomans living within their metropolitan statistical areas.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>Oklahoma</b> | .әuklә'hәumә | n. a state in south central United States | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oklahoma>n. 俄克拉何马</a> |  |  | 4.64
<b>choctaw</b> | 'tʃɔktɔ: | n. a member of the Muskhogean people formerly living in Alabama<br>n. the Muskhogean language of the Choctaw | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/choctaw>n. 乔克托族；乔克托语<br>a. 乔克托族（北美印第安人）的；乔克托语的</a> |  |  | 5.81
<b>cherokee</b> | ,tʃerә'ki: | n. the Iroquoian language spoken by the Cherokee<br>n. a member of an Iroquoian people formerly living in the Appalachian Mountains but now chiefly in Oklahoma | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cherokee>n. 彻罗基族人（北美印第安人之一族）</a> |  |  | 5.26
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hanging>Hanging</a> 
<font size=3>
Hanging is killing a person by suspending them from the neck with a noose or ligature. 　Hanging has been a common method of capital punishment since the Middle Ages, and is the primary execution method in numerous countries and regions. 　The first known account of execution by hanging is in Homer's Odyssey. 　Hanging is also a method of suicide. 　The past and past participle of hang in this sense is hanged rather than hung.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>hanging</b> | 'hæŋiŋ | n. decoration that is hung (as a tapestry) on a wall or over a window<br>n. a form of capital punishment; victim is suspended by the neck from a gallows or gibbet until dead | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hanging>n. 绞死, 绞杀, 悬挂<br>[法] 绞刑, 绞死</a> |  | hang | 4.64
<b>noose</b> | nu:s | n. a loop formed in a cord or rope by means of a slipknot; it binds tighter as the cord or rope is pulled<br>v. make a noose in or of<br>v. secure with a noose | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/noose>n. 套索, 束缚, 陷阱<br>vt. 用套索捉</a> |  |  | 5.98
<b>ligature</b> | 'ligәtʃuә | n. (music) a group of notes connected by a slur<br>n. character consisting of two or more letters combined into one<br>n. a metal band used to attach a reed to the mouthpiece of a clarinet or saxophone | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ligature>n. 绳, 索, 缚带<br>vt. 缚, 捆, 结扎</a> |  |  | 6.48
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Billboard>Billboard</a> 
<font size=3>
A billboard (also called a hoarding in the UK and many other parts of the world) is a large outdoor advertising structure (a billing board), typically found in high-traffic areas such as alongside busy roads. 　Billboards present large advertisements to passing pedestrians and drivers. 　Typically brands use billboards to build their brands or to push for their new products. 　The largest ordinary-sized billboards are located primarily on major highways, expressways or principal arterials, and command high-density consumer exposure (mostly to vehicular traffic). 　These afford greatest visibility due not only to their size, but because they allow creative "customizing" through extensions and embellishments. 　Posters are the other common form of billboard advertising, located mostly along primary and secondary arterial roads. 　Posters are a smaller format and are viewed principally by residents and commuter traffic, with some pedestrian exposure.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>billboard</b> | 'bilbɒ:d | n. large outdoor signboard | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/billboard>n. 广告牌, 布告板<br>vt. 宣传</a> |  |  | 4.64
<b>hoarding</b> | 'hɒ:diŋ | n large outdoor signboard<br>v save up as for future use<br>v get or gather together | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hoarding>n. 贮藏, 积蓄, 囤积, 临时围墙<br>[经] 囤积</a> |  | hoard | 6.26
<b>advertising</b> | 'ædvәtaiziŋ | n. the business of drawing public attention to goods and services | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/advertising>n. 广告业, 广告<br>a. 广告的<br>[计] 发广告</a> |  | advertise | 4.71
<b>billing</b> | 'biliŋ | n request for payment of a debt<br>v demand payment<br>v advertise especially by posters or placards<br>v publicize or announce by placards | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/billing>n. 节目次序, 广告<br>[经] 开票(发票,帐单)</a> |  | bill | 5.72
<b>board</b> | bɒ:d | n. a committee having supervisory powers<br>n. a stout length of sawn timber; made in a wide variety of sizes and used for many purposes<br>n. a flat piece of material designed for a special purpose<br>n. food or meals in general | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/board>n. 木板, 甲板, 膳食, 会议桌<br>vt. 乘船, 供膳食, 用板覆盖<br>vi. 搭伙<br>[计] 板</a> |  |  | 3.82
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Throne>Throne</a> 
<font size=3>
A throne is the seat of state of a potentate or dignitary, especially the seat occupied by a sovereign on state occasions; or the seat occupied by a pope or bishop on ceremonial occasions. 　"Throne" in an abstract sense can also refer to the monarchy or the Crown itself, an instance of metonymy, and is also used in many expressions such as "the power behind the throne". 　Since the early advanced cultures, a throne has been known as a symbol of divine and secular rule and the establishment of a throne as a defining sign of the claim to power and authority. 　It can be with a high backrest and feature heraldic animals or other decorations as adornment and as a sign of power and strength. 　A throne can be placed underneath a canopy or baldachin. 　The throne can stand on steps or a dais and is thus always elevated. 　The expression "ascend (mount) the throne" takes its meaning from the steps leading up to the dais or platform, on which the throne is placed, being formerly comprised in the word's significance. 　Coats of arms or insignia can feature on throne or canopy and represent the dynasty. 　Even in the physical absence of the ruler an empty throne can symbolise the everlasting presence of the monarchical authority. 　When used in a political or governmental sense, a throne typically exists in a civilization, nation, tribe, or other politically designated group that is organized or governed under a monarchical system. 　Throughout much of human history societies have been governed under monarchical systems, in the beginning as autocratic systems and later evolved in most cases as constitutional monarchies within liberal democratic systems, resulting in a wide variety of thrones that have been used by given heads of state. 　These have ranged from stools in places such as in Africa to ornate chairs and bench-like designs in Europe and Asia, respectively. 　Often, but not always, a throne is tied to a philosophical or religious ideology held by the nation or people in question, which serves a dual role in unifying the people under the reigning monarch and connecting the monarch upon the throne to his or her predecessors, who sat upon the throne previously. 　Accordingly, many thrones are typically held to have been constructed or fabricated out of rare or hard to find materials that may be valuable or important to the land in question. 　Depending on the size of the throne in question it may be large and ornately designed as an emplaced instrument of a nation's power, or it may be a symbolic chair with little or no precious materials incorporated into the design. 　When used in a religious sense, throne can refer to one of two distinct uses. 　The first use derives from the practice in churches of having a bishop or higher-ranking religious official (archbishop, pope, etc.) sit on a special chair which in church referred to by written sources as a "throne", or “cathedra” (Latin for 'chair') and is intended to allow such high-ranking religious officials a place to sit in their place of worship. 　The other use for throne refers to a belief among many of the world's monotheistic and polytheistic religions that the deity or deities that they worship are seated on a throne. 　Such beliefs go back to ancient times, and can be seen in surviving artwork and texts which discuss the idea of ancient gods (such as the Twelve Olympians) seated on thrones. 　In the major Abrahamic religions of Judaism, Christianity, and Islam, the Throne of God is attested to in religious scriptures and teachings, although the origin, nature, and idea of the Throne of God in these religions differs according to the given religious ideology practiced. 　In the west, a throne is most identified as the seat upon which a person holding the title King, Queen, Emperor, or Empress sits in a nation using a monarchy political system, although there are a few exceptions, notably with regards to religious officials such as the pope and bishops of various sects of the Christian faith. 　Changing geo-political tides have resulted in the collapse of several dictatorial and autocratic governments, which in turn have left a number of throne chairs empty. 　Many of these thrones—such as China's Dragon Throne—survive today as historic examples of nation's previous government.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>throne</b> | 'θrәun | n. the chair of state for a monarch, bishop, etc.<br>n. the position and power of an exalted person (a sovereign or bishop) who is entitled to sit in a chair of state on ceremonial occasions<br>v. sit on the throne as a ruler | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/throne>n. 王座, 君主</a> |  |  | 4.64
<b>potentate</b> | 'pәutәnteit | n a ruler who is unconstrained by law | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/potentate>n. 有权的人, 有势力的人, 统治者</a> |  |  | 6.63
<b>occasions</b> | əˈkeiʒənz | n something you have to do<br>n an event that occurs at a critical time<br>n a vaguely specified social event<br>n reason<br>n the time of a particular event<br>n an opportunity to do something<br>v give occasion to | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/occasions>n. 机会( occasion的名词复数 ); 时刻; 原因; 需要</a> |  | occasion | 4.72
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eighth>Eighth</a> 
<font size=3>
Look up eighth in Wiktionary, the free dictionary. 　Eighth is ordinal form of the number eight. 　Eighth may refer to: One eighth, 1⁄8 or ⅛, a fraction, one of eight equal parts of a whole Eighth note (quaver), a musical note played for half the value of a quarter note (crotchet) Octave, an interval between seventh and ninth Eighth octave C, a C note Eighth Lake, a lake by Inlet, New York
</font>

<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Louisiana>Louisiana</a> 
<font size=3>
Louisiana (French: La Louisiane [la lwizjan] (listen); Spanish: Luisiana) is a state in the Deep South and South Central regions of the United States. 　It is the 20th-smallest by area and the 25th most populous of the 50 U.S. states. 　Louisiana is bordered by the state of Texas to the west, Arkansas to the north, Mississippi to the east, and the Gulf of Mexico to the south. 　A large part of its eastern boundary is demarcated by the Mississippi River. 　Louisiana is the only U.S. state with political subdivisions termed parishes, which are equivalent to counties, making it one of only two U.S. states not subdivided into counties (the other being Alaska and its boroughs). 　The state's capital is Baton Rouge, and its largest city is New Orleans, with a population of roughly 383,000 people. 　Some Louisiana urban environments have a multicultural, multilingual heritage, being so strongly influenced by a mixture of 18th century Louisiana French, Dominican Creole, Spanish, French Canadian, Acadian, Native American, and West African cultures that they are considered to be exceptional in the U.S. Before the American purchase of the territory in 1803, the present–day U.S. state of Louisiana had been both a French colony and a Spanish one. 　In addition, colonists imported various West African peoples as slaves in the 18th century. 　Many came from peoples of the same region of West Africa, thus concentrating their culture; Filipinos also arrived during colonial Louisiana. 　In the post–Civil War environment, Anglo Americans increased the pressure for Anglicization, and in 1921, English was for a time made the sole language of instruction in Louisiana schools before a policy of multilingualism was revived in 1974. 　There has never been an official language in Louisiana, and the state constitution enumerates "the right of the people to preserve, foster, and promote their respective historic, linguistic, and cultural origins." 　Based on national averages, Louisiana frequently ranks low among the U.S. in terms of health, education, development, and high in measures of poverty. 　In 2018, Louisiana was ranked as the least healthy state in the country, with high levels of drug-related deaths. 　It also has had the highest homicide rate in the United States since at least the 1990s. 　Much of the state's lands were formed from sediment washed down the Mississippi River, leaving enormous deltas and vast areas of coastal marsh and swamp. 　These contain a rich southern biota; typical examples include birds such as ibises and egrets. 　There are also many species of tree frogs such as the state recognized American green tree frog and fish such as sturgeon and paddlefish. 　In more elevated areas, fire is a natural process in the landscape and has produced extensive areas of longleaf pine forest and wet savannas. 　These support an exceptionally large number of plant species, including many species of terrestrial orchids and carnivorous plants. 　Louisiana has more Native American tribes than any other southern state, including four that are federally recognized, ten that are state recognized, and four that have not received recognition.
</font>

<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rachel>Rachel</a> 
<font size=3>
Rachel (Hebrew: רָחֵל, romanized: Rāḥēl, lit. 'ewe') was a Biblical figure, the favorite of Jacob's two wives, and the mother of Joseph and Benjamin, two of the twelve progenitors of the tribes of Israel. 　Rachel's father was Laban. 　Her older sister was Leah, Jacob's first wife. 　Her aunt Rebecca was Jacob's mother.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>rachel</b> | 'reitʃәl | n. (Old Testament) the second wife of Jacob and mother of Joseph and Benjamin | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rachel>n. 雷切尔（女子名）</a> |  |  | 4.64
<b>ewe</b> | ju: | n. a member of a people living in southern Benin and Togo and southeastern Ghana<br>n. a Kwa language spoken by the Ewe in Ghana and Togo and Benin<br>n. female sheep | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ewe>n. 母羊</a> |  |  | 6.23
<b>favorite</b> | 'feivәrit | n. something regarded with special favor or liking<br>s. appealing to the general public | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/favorite>n. 喜欢的事物, 幸运儿<br>a. 特别受喜爱的, 喜爱的, 宠爱的, 中意的</a> | -ite1 |  | 4.62
<b>jacob</b> | 'dʒeikәb | n. French biochemist who (with Jacques Monod) studied regulatory processes in cells (born in 1920)<br>n. (Old Testament) son of Isaac; brother of Esau; father of the twelve patriarchs of Israel; Jacob wrestled with God and forced God to bless him, so God gave Jacob the new name of Israel (meaning `one who has been strong against God') | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jacob>n. [圣经]雅各（以色列人的祖先）；雅各布（男子名）</a> |  |  | 4.68
<b>progenitors</b> | prəʊˈdʒenɪtəz | n. an ancestor in the direct line | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/progenitors>n. 祖先( progenitor的复数形式 ); 先驱; 前辈; 原本</a> |  | progenitor | 5.79
<b>tribes</b> | traibz | n. a social division of (usually preliterate) people<br>n. a federation (as of American Indians)<br>n. (biology) a taxonomic category between a genus and a subfamily | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tribes>n. 部落( tribe的复数形式 ); （动、植物的）族; （一）帮; 大群</a> |  | tribe | 4.70
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Personality>Personality</a> 
<font size=3>
Personality is the characteristic sets of behaviors, cognitions, and emotional patterns that are formed from biological and environmental factors, and which change over time. 　While there is no generally agreed-upon definition of personality, most theories focus on motivation and psychological interactions with the environment one is surrounded by. 　Trait-based personality theories, such as those defined by Raymond Cattell, define personality as traits that predict an individual's behavior. 　On the other hand, more behaviorally-based approaches define personality through learning and habits. 　Nevertheless, most theories view personality as relatively stable. 　The study of the psychology of personality, called personality psychology, attempts to explain the tendencies that underlie differences in behavior. 　Psychologists have taken many different approaches to the study of personality, including biological, cognitive, learning, and trait-based theories, as well as psychodynamic, and humanistic approaches. 　The various approaches used to study personality today reflect the influence of the first theorists in the field, a group that includes Sigmund Freud, Alfred Adler, Gordon Allport, Hans Eysenck, Abraham Maslow, and Carl Rogers.
</font>

<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jerusalem>Jerusalem</a> 
<font size=3>
Jerusalem (/dʒəˈruːsələm/; Hebrew: יְרוּשָׁלַיִם Yerushaláyim; Arabic: القُدس Al‑Quds) is a city in Western Asia. 　Situated on a plateau in the Judaean Mountains between the Mediterranean and the Dead Sea, it is one of the oldest cities in the world and is considered to be a holy city for the three major Abrahamic religions: Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. 　Both Israelis and Palestinians claim Jerusalem as their capital, as Israel maintains its primary governmental institutions there and the State of Palestine ultimately foresees it as its seat of power. 　Because of this dispute, neither claim is widely recognized internationally. 　Throughout its long history, Jerusalem has been destroyed at least twice, besieged 23 times, captured and recaptured 44 times, and attacked 52 times. 　The part of Jerusalem called the City of David shows first signs of settlement in the 4th millennium BCE, in the shape of encampments of nomadic shepherds. 　During the Canaanite period (14th century BCE), Jerusalem was named as Urusalim on ancient Egyptian tablets, probably meaning "City of Shalem" after a Canaanite deity. 　During the Israelite period, significant construction activity in Jerusalem began in the 9th century BCE (Iron Age II), and by the 8th century BCE, the city had developed into the religious and administrative centre of the Kingdom of Judah. 　In 1538, the city walls were rebuilt for a last time around Jerusalem under Suleiman the Magnificent of the Ottoman Empire. 　Today those walls define the Old City, which has been traditionally divided into four-quarters – known since the early 19th century as the Armenian, Christian, Jewish, and Muslim quarters. 　The Old City became a World Heritage Site in 1981, and is on the List of World Heritage in Danger. 　Since 1860, Jerusalem has grown far beyond the Old City's boundaries. 　In 2022, Jerusalem had a population of some 971,800 residents, of which almost 60% were Jews and almost 40% Palestinians. 　In 2020, the population was 951,100, of which Jews comprised 570,100 (59.9%), Muslims 353,800 (37.2%), Christians 16,300 (1.7%), and 10,800 unclassified (1.1%). 　According to the Hebrew Bible, King David conquered the city from the Jebusites and established it as the capital of the United Kingdom of Israel, and his son, King Solomon, commissioned the building of the First Temple. 　Modern scholars argue that Jews branched out of the Canaanite peoples and culture through the development of a distinct monolatrous—and later monotheistic—religion centred on El/Yahweh. 　These foundational events, straddling the dawn of the 1st millennium BCE, assumed central symbolic importance for the Jewish people. 　The sobriquet of holy city (Hebrew: עיר הקודש, romanized: 'Ir ha-Qodesh) was probably attached to Jerusalem in post-exilic times. 　The holiness of Jerusalem in Christianity, conserved in the Greek translation of the Hebrew Bible, which Christians adopted as their own "Old Testament", was reinforced by the New Testament account of Jesus's crucifixion and resurrection there. 　In Sunni Islam, Jerusalem is the third-holiest city, after Mecca and Medina. 　The city was the first qibla, the standard direction for Muslim prayers (salah), and in Islamic tradition, Muhammad made his Night Journey there in 621, ascending to heaven where he speaks to God, according to the Quran. 　As a result, despite having an area of only 0.9 km2 (3⁄8 sq mi), the Old City is home to many sites of seminal religious importance, among them the Temple Mount with its Western Wall, Dome of the Rock and al-Aqsa Mosque, and the Church of the Holy Sepulchre. 　Today, the status of Jerusalem remains one of the core issues in the Israeli–Palestinian conflict. 　During the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, West Jerusalem was among the areas captured and later annexed by Israel while East Jerusalem, including the Old City, was captured and later annexed by Jordan. 　Israel captured East Jerusalem from Jordan during the 1967 Six-Day War and subsequently effectively annexed it into Jerusalem, together with additional surrounding territory. 　One of Israel's Basic Laws, the 1980 Jerusalem Law, refers to Jerusalem as the country's undivided capital. 　All branches of the Israeli government are located in Jerusalem, including the Knesset (Israel's parliament), the residences of the Prime Minister (Beit Aghion) and President (Beit HaNassi), and the Supreme Court. 　The international community rejects the annexation as illegal and treats East Jerusalem as Palestinian territory occupied by Israel.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>Jerusalem</b> | dʒә'ru:sәlәm | n. capital and largest city of the modern state of Israel (although its status as capital is disputed); it was captured from Jordan in 1967 in the Six Day War; a holy city for Jews and Christians and Muslims; was the capital of an ancient kingdom | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jerusalem>n. 耶路撒冷</a> |  |  | 4.64
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computing>Computing</a> 
<font size=3>
Computing is any goal-oriented activity requiring, benefiting from, or creating computing machinery. 　It includes the study and experimentation of algorithmic processes, and development of both hardware and software. 　Computing has scientific, engineering, mathematical, technological and social aspects. 　Major computing disciplines include computer engineering, computer science, cybersecurity, data science, information systems, information technology and software engineering. 　The term computing is also synonymous with counting and calculating. 　In earlier times, it was used in reference to the action performed by mechanical computing machines, and before that, to human computers.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>oriented</b> | 'ɒ:rientid | a. adjusted or located in relation to surroundings or circumstances; sometimes used in combination | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oriented>a. 导向的<br>[电] 定向的</a> |  | orient | 4.77
<b>requiring</b> | riˈkwaiərɪŋ | p. pr. & vb. n. of Require | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/requiring>v. 要求( require的现在分词 ); 需要; 想要; 命令</a> |  | require | 4.80
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adaptation>Adaptation</a> 
<font size=3>
In biology, adaptation has three related meanings. 　Firstly, it is the dynamic evolutionary process of natural selection that fits organisms to their environment, enhancing their evolutionary fitness. 　Secondly, it is a state reached by the population during that process. 　Thirdly, it is a phenotypic trait or adaptive trait, with a functional role in each individual organism, that is maintained and has evolved through natural selection. 　Historically, adaptation has been described from the time of the ancient Greek philosophers such as Empedocles and Aristotle. 　In 18th and 19th century natural theology, adaptation was taken as evidence for the existence of a deity. 　Charles Darwin proposed instead that it was explained by natural selection. 　Adaptation is related to biological fitness, which governs the rate of evolution as measured by change in allele frequencies. 　Often, two or more species co-adapt and co-evolve as they develop adaptations that interlock with those of the other species, such as with flowering plants and pollinating insects. 　In mimicry, species evolve to resemble other species; in Müllerian mimicry this is a mutually beneficial co-evolution as each of a group of strongly defended species (such as wasps able to sting) come to advertise their defenses in the same way. 　Features evolved for one purpose may be co-opted for a different one, as when the insulating feathers of dinosaurs were co-opted for bird flight. 　Adaptation is a major topic in the philosophy of biology, as it concerns function and purpose (teleology). 　Some biologists try to avoid terms which imply purpose in adaptation, not least because it suggests a deity's intentions, but others note that adaptation is necessarily purposeful.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>adaptation</b> | .ædæp'teiʃәn | n. a written work (as a novel) that has been recast in a new form<br>n. the process of adapting to something (such as environmental conditions)<br>n. (physiology) the responsive adjustment of a sense organ (as the eye) to varying conditions (as of light) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adaptation>n. 适应, 改编, 改编本<br>[医] 适应[作用]</a> | apt, ept |  | 4.64
</font>
<br>



