## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blade_(archaeology)>Blade (archaeology)</a> 
<font size=3>
In archaeology, a blade is a type of stone tool created by striking a long narrow flake from a stone core. 　This process of reducing the stone and producing the blades is called lithic reduction. 　Archaeologists use this process of flintknapping to analyze blades and observe their technological uses for historical purposes. 　Blades are defined as being flakes that are at least twice as long as they are wide and that have parallel or subparallel sides and at least two ridges on the dorsal (outer) side. 　Blade cores appear and are different from regular flaking cores, as each core's conchoidal nature is suited for different types of flaking. 　Blades are created using stones that have a cryptocrystalline structure and easily be fractured into a smooth piece without fracturing. 　Blades became the favored technology of the Upper Palaeolithic era, although they are occasionally found in earlier periods. 　Different techniques are also required for blade creation; a soft punch or hammerstone is necessary for creating a blade. 　The long sharp edges of blades made them useful for a variety of purposes. 　After blades are flaked, they are often incorporated as parts of larger tools, such as spears. 　Other times, the simple shape and sharpness serves the designed role. 　Blades were often employed in the impression process of material culture, assisting ancient humans in imprinting ornate designs into other parts of their material culture. 　Scrapers, used for hide working or woodworking, or burins, used for engraving, are two common such examples. 　Cores from which blades have been struck are called blade cores and the tools created from single blades are called blade tools. 　Small examples (under 12 mm) are called microblades and were used in the Mesolithic as elements of composite tools. 　Blades with one edge blunted by removal of tiny flakes are called backed blade. 　A blade core becomes an exhausted core when there are no more useful angles to knock off blades. 　Blades can be classified into many different types depending on their shape and size. 　Archaeologists have also been known to use the microscopic striations created from the lithic reduction process to classify the blades into specific types. 　Once classified archaeologists can use this information to see how the blade was produced, who produced it, and how it was used.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>striking</b> | 'straikiŋ | n the physical coming together of two or more things<br>n the act of contacting one thing with another<br>v deliver a sharp blow, as with the hand, fist, or weapon<br>v have an emotional or cognitive impact upon<br>v hit against; come into sudden contact with<br>v make a strategic, offensive, assault against an enemy, opponent, or a target<br>v indicate (a certain time) by striking<br>v affect or afflict suddenly, usually adversely<br>v stop work in order to press demands<br>v touch or seem as if touching visually or audibly<br>v attain<br>v produce by manipulating keys or strings of musical instruments, also metaphorically<br>v cause to form (an electric arc) between electrodes of an arc lamp<br>v find unexpectedly<br>v produce by ignition or a blow<br>v remove by erasing or crossing out or as if by drawing a line<br>v cause to experience suddenly<br>v drive something violently into a location<br>v occupy or take on<br>v form by stamping, punching, or printing<br>v smooth with a strickle<br>v pierce with force<br>v arrive at after reckoning, deliberating, and weighing<br>s sensational in appearance or thrilling in effect<br>s having a quality that thrusts itself into attention | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/striking>a. 醒目的, 惊人的, 打击的, 罢工的<br>[法] 罢工的, 罢市的, 罢课的</a> |  | strike | 4.82
<b>narrow</b> | 'nærәu | n. a narrow strait connecting two bodies of water<br>v. make or become more narrow or restricted<br>a. not wide<br>s. limited in size or scope | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/narrow>n. 狭窄部分, 隘路<br>a. 狭窄的, 仔细的, 有限的, 勉强的, 狭隘的, 手紧的<br>vi. 变窄<br>vt. 使变狭窄</a> |  |  | 4.40
<b>flake</b> | fleik | v. form into flakes<br>v. cover with flakes or as if with flakes | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flake>n. 小薄片, 扁薄的一层, 火星, 晒鱼架子<br>vt. 使成薄片<br>vi. 剥落</a> |  |  | 6.06
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kent>Kent</a> 
<font size=3>
Kent is a county in South East England and one of the home counties. 　It borders Greater London to the northwest, Surrey to the west and East Sussex to the southwest, and Essex to the north across the estuary of the River Thames; it faces the French department of Pas-de-Calais across the Strait of Dover. 　The county town is Maidstone. 　It is the fifth most populous county in England, the most populous non-metropolitan county and the most populous of the home counties. 　Kent was one of the first British territories to be settled by Germanic tribes, most notably the Jutes, following the withdrawal of the Romans. 　Canterbury Cathedral in Kent, the oldest cathedral in England, has been the seat of the Archbishops of Canterbury since the conversion of England to Christianity that began in the 6th century with Saint Augustine. 　Rochester Cathedral in Medway is England's second-oldest cathedral. 　Located between London and the Strait of Dover, which separates England from mainland Europe, Kent has been the setting for both conflict and diplomacy, including the Battle of Britain in World War II and the Leeds Castle peace talks of 1978 and 2004. 　England relied on the county's ports to provide warships through much of its history; the Cinque Ports in the 10th–14th centuries and Chatham Dockyard in the 16th–20th centuries were of particular importance. 　France can be seen clearly in fine weather from Folkestone and the White Cliffs of Dover. 　Hills in the form of the North Downs and the Greensand Ridge span the length of the county and in the Vale of Holmesdale in between and to the south are most of the county's 26 castles. 　Kent's economy is diversified: agriculture, haulage, logistics and tourism are various industries. 　Because of its orchards and allotments, Kent is known as "The Garden of England". 　In northwest Kent, industries include extraction of aggregate building materials, printing and scientific research. 　Coal mining has also played its part in Kent's industrial heritage. 　Large parts of Kent are within the London commuter belt and its strong transport connections to the capital and the nearby continent make Kent a high-income county. 　Twenty-eight per cent of the county forms part of two Areas of Outstanding Natural Beauty: the North Downs and The High Weald.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>Kent</b> | kent | n. a county in southeastern England on the English Channel; formerly an Anglo-Saxon kingdom, it was the first to be colonized by the Romans<br>n. United States painter noted for his woodcuts (1882-1971) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kent>n. 肯特郡(英国郡名)</a> |  |  | 4.72
<b>counties</b> | ˈkauntiz | pl. of County | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/counties>n. 郡, 县( county的名词复数 )</a> |  | county | 4.59
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Confusion>Confusion</a> 
<font size=3>
In medicine, confusion is the quality or state of being bewildered or unclear. 　The term "acute mental confusion" is often used interchangeably with delirium in the International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems and the Medical Subject Headings publications to describe the pathology. 　These refer to the loss of orientation, or the ability to place oneself correctly in the world by time, location and personal identity. 　Mental confusion is sometimes accompanied by disordered consciousness (the loss of linear thinking) and memory loss (the inability to correctly recall previous events or learn new material).
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>confusion</b> | kәn'fju:ʒәn | n. disorder resulting from a failure to behave predictably<br>n. a mental state characterized by a lack of clear and orderly thought and behavior<br>n. a feeling of embarrassment that leaves you confused<br>n. an act causing a disorderly combination of elements with identities lost and distinctions blended | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/confusion>n. 混乱, 混淆, 无秩序<br>[计] 含混</a> | fus, found2 |  | 4.72
<b>bewildered</b> | bɪ'wɪldəd | v be a mystery or bewildering to<br>v cause to be confused emotionally<br>s perplexed by many conflicting situations or statements; filled with bewilderment | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bewildered>a. 困惑的; 晕眩的; 混乱的; 不知所措的<br>v. 使困惑</a> |  | bewilder | 5.63
<b>unclear</b> | .ʌn'kliә | a. not clear to the mind | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unclear>a. 不易了解的, 不清楚的, 含混的</a> | un-1 |  | 4.99
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Worship>Worship</a> 
<font size=3>
Look up worship in Wiktionary, the free dictionary. 　Worship is an act of religious devotion usually directed towards a deity. 　It may involve one or more of activities such as veneration, adoration, praise, and praying. 　For many, worship is not about an emotion, it is more about a recognition of a God or gods.　[citation needed] An act of worship may be performed individually, in an informal or formal group, or by a designated leader. 　Such acts may involve honoring.
</font>

<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arkansas>Arkansas</a> 
<font size=3>
Arkansas (/ˈɑːrkənsɔː/ (listen) AR-kən-saw) is a landlocked state in the South Central United States. 　It is bordered by Missouri to the north, Tennessee and Mississippi to the east, Louisiana to the south, and Texas and Oklahoma to the west. 　Its name is from the Osage language, a Dhegiha Siouan language, and referred to their relatives, the Quapaw people. 　The state's diverse geography ranges from the mountainous regions of the Ozark and Ouachita Mountains, which make up the U.S. Interior Highlands, to the densely forested land in the south known as the Arkansas Timberlands, to the eastern lowlands along the Mississippi River and the Arkansas Delta. 　Arkansas is the 29th largest by area and the 34th most populous state, with a population of just over 3 million at the 2020 census. 　The capital and most populous city is Little Rock, in the central part of the state, a hub for transportation, business, culture, and government. 　The northwestern corner of the state, including the Fayetteville–Springdale–Rogers Metropolitan Area and Fort Smith metropolitan area, is a population, education, and economic center. 　The largest city in the state's eastern part is Jonesboro. 　The largest city in the state's southeastern part is Pine Bluff. 　Previously part of French Louisiana and the Louisiana Purchase, the Territory of Arkansas was admitted to the Union as the 25th state on June 15, 1836. 　Much of the Delta had been developed for cotton plantations, and landowners there largely depended on enslaved African Americans' labor. 　In 1861, Arkansas seceded from the United States and joined the Confederate States of America during the American Civil War. 　On returning to the Union in 1868, Arkansas continued to suffer economically, due to its overreliance on the large-scale plantation economy. 　Cotton remained the leading commodity crop, and the cotton market declined. 　Because farmers and businessmen did not diversify and there was little industrial investment, the state fell behind in economic opportunity. 　In the late 19th century, the state instituted various Jim Crow laws to disenfranchise and segregate the African-American population. 　During the civil rights movement of the 1950s and 1960s, Arkansas and particularly Little Rock were major battlegrounds for efforts to integrate schools. 　White interests dominated Arkansas's politics, with disfranchisement of African Americans and refusal to reapportion the legislature. 　Only after the civil rights movement and federal legislation passed were more African Americans able to vote. 　The Supreme Court overturned rural domination in the South and other states that had refused to reapportion their state legislatures or retained rules based on geographic districts. 　In a series of cases in the 1960s during the height of related civil rights activities, the Warren Court invoked a one person, one vote principle, applying the Equal Protection Clause of the constitution and holding that states had to organize their legislatures by districts that held approximately equal populations, and that these had to be redefined as necessary after each decade's census. 　Following World War II in the 1940s, Arkansas began to diversify its economy and see prosperity. 　During the 1960s, the state became the base of the Walmart corporation, the world's largest company by revenue, headquartered in Bentonville. 　In the 21st century, Arkansas's economy is based on service industries, aircraft, poultry, steel, and tourism, along with important commodity crops of cotton, soybeans and rice. 　Arkansas's culture is observable in museums, theaters, novels, television shows, restaurants, and athletic venues across the state. 　Notable people from the state include politician and educational advocate William Fulbright; former president Bill Clinton, who also served as the 40th and 42nd governor of Arkansas; general Wesley Clark, former NATO Supreme Allied Commander; Walmart founder and magnate Sam Walton; singer-songwriters Johnny Cash, Charlie Rich, Jimmy Driftwood, and Glen Campbell; actor-filmmaker Billy Bob Thornton; poet C. D. Wright; physicist William L. McMillan, a pioneer in superconductor research; poet laureate Maya Angelou; Douglas MacArthur; musician Al Green; actor Alan Ladd; basketball player Scottie Pippen; singer Ne-Yo; Chelsea Clinton; actress Sheryl Underwood; and author John Grisham.
</font>

<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oblast>Oblast</a> 
<font size=3>
An oblast (/ˈɒblæst/; also UK: /ˈɒblɑːst/; Cyrillic (in most languages, including Russian and Ukrainian): область, Bulgarian: област) is a type of administrative division within some Slavic areas, the Russian Empire, and the Soviet Union; it continues to be used in Russia and some post-Imperial/Soviet states. 　The term oblast has no universal definition or exact comparison in English, although it has been presented as analogous to the term "county" in the U.S. Official terms in successor states of the Soviet Union differ, but some still use a cognate of the Russian term, e.g., vobłasć (voblasts, voblasts', official orthography: вобласць, Taraškievica: вобласьць, [ˈvobɫasʲtsʲ]) is used for regions of Belarus, oblys (plural: oblystar) for regions of Kazakhstan, and oblusu (облусу) for regions of Kyrgyzstan. 　The term is often translated as "area", "zone", "province" or "region". 　The last translation may lead to confusion, because "raion" may be used for other kinds of administrative division, which may be translated as "region", "district" or "county" depending on the context. 　Unlike "province", translations as "area", "zone", and "region" may lead to confusion because they have very common meanings other than a political division.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>oblast</b> | 'ɔblɑ:st |  | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oblast>n. 州(苏联各加盟共和国的行政区划名称)</a> |  |  | 4.72
<b>Cyrillic</b> | si'rilik | a. relating to or written in the alphabet used for writing Slavic languages | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyrillic>n. 古代斯拉夫语的字母</a> |  |  | 5.66
<b>bulgarian</b> | bʌl'ɡεәriәn | n. a native or inhabitant of Bulgaria<br>n. a Slavic language spoken in Bulgaria<br>a. of or relating to or characteristic of Bulgaria or its people | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bulgarian>n. 保加利亚人；保加利亚语</a> |  |  | 4.89
<b>Soviet</b> | 'sәuviәt | n. an elected governmental council in a communist country (especially one that is a member of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics)<br>a. of or relating to or characteristic of the former Soviet Union or its people | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Soviet>n. 代表会议, 苏维埃, 苏联<br>a. 苏维埃的, 苏联的</a> |  |  | 4.14
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Civilian>Civilian</a> 
<font size=3>
Civilians under international humanitarian law are "persons who are not members of the armed forces" and they are not "combatants if they carry arms openly and respect the laws and customs of war". 　It is slightly different from a non-combatant, because some non-combatants are not civilians (for example, military chaplains who are attached to the belligerent party or military personnel who are serving with a neutral country). 　Civilians in the territories of a party to an armed conflict are entitled to certain privileges under the customary laws of war and international treaties such as the Fourth Geneva Convention. 　The privileges that they enjoy under international law depends on whether the conflict is an internal one (a civil war) or an international one. 　In some nations, uniformed members of civilian police or fire departments colloquially refer to members of the public as civilians.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>civilians</b> | siˈviljənz | n. a nonmilitary citizen | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/civilians>n. 平民, 百姓( civilian的复数形式 ); 老百姓</a> |  | civilian | 4.91
<b>humanitarian</b> | hju:.mæni'tєәriәn | n. someone devoted to the promotion of human welfare and to social reforms<br>a. of or relating to or characteristic of humanitarianism | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/humanitarian>n. 人道主义者, 博爱者, 基督凡人论者<br>a. 人道主义的, 博爱的, 凡人论的</a> |  |  | 5.06
<b>arms</b> | ɑ:mz | n weapons considered collectively<br>n the official symbols of a family, state, etc.<br>n a human limb; technically the part of the superior limb between the shoulder and the elbow but commonly used to refer to the whole superior limb<br>n any projection that is thought to resemble a human arm<br>n any instrument or instrumentality used in fighting or hunting<br>n the part of an armchair or sofa that supports the elbow and forearm of a seated person<br>n a division of some larger or more complex organization<br>n the part of a garment that is attached at the armhole and that provides a cloth covering for the arm<br>v prepare oneself for a military confrontation<br>v supply with arms | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arms>n. 武器, 军事行动<br>[机] 武器, 军械, 枪械</a> |  | arm | 3.86
<b>openly</b> | 'әjpәnli | r. in an open way | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/openly>adv. 公开地, 坦率地, 直率地, 公然地</a> |  |  | 4.97
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hybrid_(biology)>Hybrid (biology)</a> 
<font size=3>
In biology, a hybrid is the offspring resulting from combining the qualities of two organisms of different breeds, varieties, species or genera through sexual reproduction. 　Generally, it means that each cell has genetic material from two different organisms, whereas an individual where some cells are derived from a different organism is called a chimera. 　Hybrids are not always intermediates between their parents (such as in blending inheritance), but can show hybrid vigor, sometimes growing larger or taller than either parent. 　The concept of a hybrid is interpreted differently in animal and plant breeding, where there is interest in the individual parentage. 　In genetics, attention is focused on the numbers of chromosomes. 　In taxonomy, a key question is how closely related the parent species are. 　Species are reproductively isolated by strong barriers to hybridisation, which include genetic and morphological differences, differing times of fertility, mating behaviors and cues, and physiological rejection of sperm cells or the developing embryo. 　Some act before fertilization and others after it. 　Similar barriers exist in plants, with differences in flowering times, pollen vectors, inhibition of pollen tube growth, somatoplastic sterility, cytoplasmic-genic male sterility and the structure of the chromosomes. 　A few animal species and many plant species, however, are the result of hybrid speciation, including important crop plants such as wheat, where the number of chromosomes has been doubled. 　Human impact on the environment has resulted in an increase in the interbreeding between regional species, and the proliferation of introduced species worldwide has also resulted in an increase in hybridisation. 　This genetic mixing may threaten many species with extinction, while genetic erosion from monoculture in crop plants may be damaging the gene pools of many species for future breeding. 　A form of often intentional human-mediated hybridisation is the crossing of wild and domesticated species. 　This is common in both traditional horticulture and modern agriculture; many commercially useful fruits, flowers, garden herbs, and trees have been produced by hybridisation. 　One such flower, Oenothera lamarckiana, was central to early genetics research into mutationism and polyploidy. 　It is also more occasionally done in the livestock and pet trades; some well-known wild × domestic hybrids are beefalo and wolfdogs. 　Human selective breeding of domesticated animals and plants has resulted in the development of distinct breeds (usually called cultivars in reference to plants); crossbreeds between them (without any wild stock) are sometimes also imprecisely referred to as "hybrids". 　Hybrid humans existed in prehistory. 　For example, Neanderthals and anatomically modern humans are thought to have interbred as recently as 40,000 years ago. 　Mythological hybrids appear in human culture in forms as diverse as the Minotaur, blends of animals, humans and mythical beasts such as centaurs and sphinxes, and the Nephilim of the Biblical apocrypha described as the wicked sons of fallen angels and attractive women.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>hybrid</b> | 'haibrid | n. a composite of mixed origin<br>n. (genetics) an organism that is the offspring of genetically dissimilar parents or stock; especially offspring produced by breeding plants or animals of different varieties or breeds or species<br>s. produced by crossbreeding | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hybrid>n. 混血儿, 杂种, 混合物<br>a. 混合的, 杂种的, 混合语的<br>[计] NetWare的主机实用程序, 双重用户建立程序</a> |  |  | 4.72
<b>combining</b> | kәm'bainiŋ | n. an occurrence that results in things being united | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/combining>a. 结合性的, 化合的<br>[计] 组合</a> |  | combine | 4.85
<b>varieties</b> | vəˈraiətiz | pl. of Variety | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/varieties>n. 种种( variety的名词复数 ); 品种; 变化; （基于遗传差异的）变种</a> |  | variety | 4.87
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Devoted>Devoted</a> 
<font size=3>
Devoted is the sequel to New York Times-bestselling novel Elixir by American entertainer Hilary Duff with Elise Allen. 　It was published and released to booksellers on October 11, 2011. 　It is the second in an unnamed trilogy by Duff and Allen. 　After the release of Elixir in 2010, Duff stated that she intended to write more in the series. 　She said, however, that nothing had been put down as yet and that she and her co-writer, Allen, were simply playing around with different ideas. 　On October 18, 2010, Duff posted on Twitter about a sequel: "Can't believe so many people have read the book already! Yipeeee! Starting the next one in two weeks". 　Devoted was released on October 11, 2011. 　In an interview with MTV, Duff stated that "Devoted picks up basically where Elixir left off, and Clea has a lot of big questions to answer and decisions to make."[failed verification] She also said that plans for the third and final book in the trilogy were being discussed and that "I don't think it will be as long. It will be a wrap-up, kind of where they are now and what exactly happened to the Elixir, whose hands it's in, what ends up happening with Sage."
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>sequel</b> | 'si:kwәl | n. something that follows something else<br>n. a part added to a book or play that continues and extends it | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sequel>n. 继续, 续集, 后果<br>[计] 结构的英语查询语言</a> | sequi, secut, seque |  | 4.94
<b>elixir</b> | i'liksә | n. a sweet flavored liquid (usually containing a small amount of alcohol) used in compounding medicines to be taken by mouth in order to mask an unpleasant taste<br>n. a substance believed to cure all ills | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elixir>n. 炼金药, 不老长寿药, 万能药<br>[化] 酏剂</a> |  |  | 6.05
<b>entertainer</b> | .entә'teinә | n. a person who tries to please or amuse | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/entertainer>n. 表演娱乐节目的人, 演艺人员</a> |  |  | 5.59
<b>Hilary</b> | 'hilәri |  | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hilary>n. 希拉里(m.& f.) , 即Hilarius, Saint</a> |  |  | 5.64
<b>duff</b> | dʌf | n. a stiff flour pudding steamed or boiled usually and containing e.g. currants and raisins and citron | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/duff>n. 水果干布丁, 细煤, 煤屑, 无用的东西<br>vt. 把...弄得像新的一样, 把...改头换面</a> |  |  | 5.65
<b>elise</b> | e'li:z |  | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elise>n. 伊莉斯（女子名）</a> |  |  | 5.38
<b>allen</b> | 'ælin, 'ælәn | n. United States comedienne remembered as the confused but imperturbable partner of her husband, George Burns (1906-1964)<br>n. United States filmmaker and comic actor (1935-)<br>n. a soldier of the American Revolution whose troops helped capture Fort Ticonderoga from the British (1738-1789) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/allen>n. 艾伦（男子名）</a> |  |  | 4.63
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Estimation>Estimation</a> 
<font size=3>
Estimation (or estimating) is the process of finding an estimate or approximation, which is a value that is usable for some purpose even if input data may be incomplete, uncertain, or unstable. 　The value is nonetheless usable because it is derived from the best information available. 　Typically, estimation involves "using the value of a statistic derived from a sample to estimate the value of a corresponding population parameter". 　The sample provides information that can be projected, through various formal or informal processes, to determine a range most likely to describe the missing information. 　An estimate that turns out to be incorrect will be an overestimate if the estimate exceeds the actual result and an underestimate if the estimate falls short of the actual result.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>estimation</b> | .esti'meiʃәn | n a document appraising the value of something (as for insurance or taxation)<br>n the respect with which a person is held<br>n an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth<br>n a judgment of the qualities of something or somebody | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estimation>n. 判断, 估计, 尊重<br>[化] 估计; 估定; 测定; 估值</a> |  |  | 4.72
<b>estimating</b> | 'estimeitiŋ | v judge tentatively or form an estimate of (quantities or time)<br>v judge to be probable | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estimating>n. 估算；评估；预算能力</a> |  | estimate | 5.26
<b>estimate</b> | 'estimeit | n. an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth<br>n. a judgment of the qualities of something or somebody<br>n. a statement indicating the likely cost of some job<br>n. the respect with which a person is held | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estimate>n. 估计, 判断<br>vt. 估计, 评价, 判断<br>vi. 估计</a> |  |  | 4.56
<b>approximation</b> | ә.prɒksi'meiʃәn | n. the quality of coming near to identity (especially close in quantity)<br>n. an imprecise or incomplete account<br>n. the act of bringing near or bringing together especially the cut edges of tissue | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/approximation>n. 接近, 近似值<br>[医] 接近; 近似</a> | -ation |  | 4.56
<b>usable</b> | 'ju:zәbl | s capable of being put to use<br>s fit or ready for use or service<br>s convenient for use or disposal | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/usable>a. 可用的, 方便使用的, 能用的</a> | -able, -ible, -ble |  | 5.62
<b>incomplete</b> | .inkәm'pli:t | a. not complete or total; not completed<br>s. not yet finished | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/incomplete>a. 不完全的, 未完成的, 不完善的<br>[机] 不完全的</a> | in-2 |  | 5.07
<b>unstable</b> | .ʌn'steibl | a. lacking stability or fixity or firmness<br>s. highly or violently reactive<br>s. disposed to psychological variability | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unstable>a. 不稳定的</a> | un-1 |  | 5.00
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rio>Rio</a> 
<font size=3>
Look up RIO, Rio, rio, or río in Wiktionary, the free dictionary. 　Rio or Río is the Portuguese, Spanish, and Maltese word for "river". 　The term also exists in Italian, but is largely obsolete and used in a poetical or literary context to mean "stream"; the standard Italian word for "river" is "fiume". 　When spoken on its own, the word often means Rio de Janeiro, a major city in Brazil. 　Rio or Río may also refer to:
</font>

<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cotton>Cotton</a> 
<font size=3>
Cotton is a soft, fluffy staple fiber that grows in a boll, or protective case, around the seeds of the cotton plants of the genus Gossypium in the mallow family Malvaceae. 　The fiber is almost pure cellulose, and can contain minor percentages of waxes, fats, pectins, and water. 　Under natural conditions, the cotton bolls will increase the dispersal of the seeds. 　The plant is a shrub native to tropical and subtropical regions around the world, including the Americas, Africa, Egypt and India. 　The greatest diversity of wild cotton species is found in Mexico, followed by Australia and Africa. 　Cotton was independently domesticated in the Old and New Worlds. 　The fiber is most often spun into yarn or thread and used to make a soft, breathable, and durable textile. 　The use of cotton for fabric is known to date to prehistoric times; fragments of cotton fabric dated to the fifth millennium BC have been found in the Indus Valley civilization, as well as fabric remnants dated back to 4200 BC in Peru. 　Although cultivated since antiquity, it was the invention of the cotton gin that lowered the cost of production that led to its widespread use, and it is the most widely used natural fiber cloth in clothing today. 　Current estimates for world production are about 25 million tonnes or 110 million bales annually, accounting for 2.5% of the world's arable land. 　India is the world's largest producer of cotton. 　The United States has been the largest exporter for many years.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>cotton</b> | 'kɒtn | n. soft silky fibers from cotton plants in their raw state<br>n. fabric woven from cotton fibers<br>n. erect bushy mallow plant or small tree bearing bolls containing seeds with many long hairy fibers<br>n. thread made of cotton fibers | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cotton>n. 棉花<br>vi. 和谐, 有好感, 理解</a> |  |  | 4.72
<b>fluffy</b> | 'flʌfi | s like down or as soft as down | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fluffy>a. 毛绒绒的, 蓬松的, 空洞的, 无内容的, 不明确的<br>[医] 绒毛状的</a> |  |  | 5.76
<b>staple</b> | 'steipl | n. a natural fiber (raw cotton, wool, hemp, flax) that can be twisted to form yarn<br>n. a short U-shaped wire nail for securing cables<br>n. paper fastener consisting of a short length of U-shaped wire that can fasten papers together<br>v. secure or fasten with a staple or staples | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/staple>n. 主要产物, 常用品, 主要要素, 原料, 订书钉, 钩环<br>a. 主要的, 重要的<br>vt. 分级, 钉住</a> |  |  | 5.48
<b>fiber</b> | 'faibә | n. a slender and greatly elongated substance capable of being spun into yarn<br>n. any of several elongated, threadlike cells (especially a muscle fiber or a nerve fiber)<br>n. a leatherlike material made by compressing layers of paper or cloth | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fiber>n. 纤维, 构造, 纤维制品<br>[化] 纤维</a> |  |  | 5.00
<b>boll</b> | bәul | n. the rounded seed-bearing capsule of a cotton or flax plant | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boll>n. 圆荚</a> |  |  | 6.39
<b>mallow</b> | 'mælәu | n. any of various plants of the family Malvaceae | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mallow>n. 锦葵<br>[医] 锦葵</a> |  |  | 6.37
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arabic>Arabic</a> 
<font size=3>
Arabic (اَلْعَرَبِيَّةُ, al-ʿarabiyyah [al ʕaraˈbijːa] (listen); عَرَبِيّ, ʿarabī [ˈʕarabiː] (listen) or [ʕaraˈbij]) is a Semitic language spoken primarily across the Arab world. 　Having emerged in the 1st century, it is named after the Arab people; the term "Arab" was initially used to describe those living in the Arabian Peninsula, as perceived by geographers from ancient Greece. 　Since the 7th century, Arabic has been characterized by diglossia, with an opposition between a standard prestige language—i.e., Literary Arabic: Modern Standard Arabic (MSA) or Classical Arabic—and diverse vernacular varieties, which serve as mother tongues. 　Colloquial dialects vary significantly from MSA, impeding mutual intelligibility. 　MSA is only acquired through formal education and is not spoken natively. 　It is the language of literature, official documents, and formal written media. 　In spoken form, MSA is used in formal contexts, news bulletins and for prayers. 　This variety is the lingua franca of the Arab world and the liturgical language of Islam. 　It is an official language of 26 states and 1 disputed territory, the third most after English and French. 　It is also one of six official languages of the United Nations. 　Spoken varieties are the usual medium of communication in all other domains. 　They are not standardized and vary significantly, some of them being mutually unintelligible. 　The International Organization for Standardization assigns language codes to 33 varieties of Arabic, including MSA. 　Arabic vernaculars do not descend from MSA or Classical Arabic. 　Combined, Arabic dialects have 362 million native speakers, while MSA is spoken by 274 million L2 speakers, making it the sixth most spoken language in the world. 　Arabic is traditionally written with the Arabic alphabet, a right-to-left abjad. 　This alphabet is the official script for MSA. 　Colloquial varieties were traditionally not written, however, with the emergence of social media, the amount of written dialects has significantly increased online. 　Besides the Arabic alphabet, dialects are also often written in Latin from left to right or in Hebrew characters (in Israel) with no standardized orthography. 　Maltese and Hassaniya are the only varieties officially written in a Latin alphabet.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>Semitic</b> | si'mitik, se'm- | n. a major branch of the Afro-Asiatic language family<br>a. of or relating to the group of Semitic languages | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Semitic>a. 闪米特人的, 犹太人的</a> |  |  | 5.51
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logic>Logic</a> 
<font size=3>
Logic is the study of correct reasoning. 　It includes both formal and informal logic. 　Formal logic is the science of deductively valid inferences or of logical truths. 　It is a formal science investigating how conclusions follow from premises in a topic-neutral way. 　When used as a countable noun, the term "a logic" refers to a logical formal system that articulates a proof system. 　Formal logic contrasts with informal logic, which is associated with informal fallacies, critical thinking, and argumentation theory. 　While there is no general agreement on how formal and informal logic are to be distinguished, one prominent approach associates their difference with whether the studied arguments are expressed in formal or informal languages. 　Logic plays a central role in multiple fields, such as philosophy, mathematics, computer science, and linguistics. 　Logic studies arguments, which consist of a set of premises together with a conclusion. 　Premises and conclusions are usually understood either as sentences or as propositions and are characterized by their internal structure; complex propositions are made up of simpler propositions linked to each other by propositional connectives like ∧ {\displaystyle \land } (and) or → {\displaystyle \to } (if...then). 　The truth of a proposition usually depends on the denotations of its constituents. 　Logically true propositions constitute a special case since their truth depends only on the logical vocabulary used in them and not on the denotations of other terms. 　Arguments can be either correct or incorrect. 　An argument is correct if its premises support its conclusion. 　The strongest form of support is found in deductive arguments: it is impossible for their premises to be true and their conclusion to be false. 　Deductive arguments contrast with ampliative arguments, which may arrive in their conclusion at new information that is not present in the premises. 　However, it is possible for all their premises to be true while their conclusion is still false. 　Many arguments found in everyday discourse and the sciences are ampliative arguments, sometimes divided into inductive and abductive arguments. 　Inductive arguments usually take the form of statistical generalizations while abductive arguments are inferences to the best explanation. 　Arguments that fall short of the standards of correct reasoning are called fallacies. 　Systems of logic are theoretical frameworks for assessing the correctness of reasoning and arguments. 　Logic has been studied since Antiquity; early approaches include Aristotelian logic, Stoic logic, Anviksiki, and the Mohists. 　Modern formal logic has its roots in the work of late 19th-century mathematicians such as Gottlob Frege. 　While Aristotelian logic focuses on reasoning in the form of syllogisms, in the modern era its traditional dominance was replaced by classical logic, a set of fundamental logical intuitions shared by most logicians. 　It consists of propositional logic, which only considers the logical relations on the level of propositions, and first-order logic, which also articulates the internal structure of propositions using various linguistic devices, such as predicates and quantifiers. 　Extended logics accept the basic intuitions behind classical logic and extend it to other fields, such as metaphysics, ethics, and epistemology. 　Deviant logics, on the other hand, reject certain classical intuitions and provide alternative accounts of the fundamental laws of logic.
</font>

<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Siege>Siege</a> 
<font size=3>
A siege is a military blockade of a city, or fortress, with the intent of conquering by attrition, or a well-prepared assault. 　This derives from Latin: sedere, lit. 　'to sit'. 　Siege warfare is a form of constant, low-intensity conflict characterized by one party holding a strong, static, defensive position. 　Consequently, an opportunity for negotiation between combatants is common, as proximity and fluctuating advantage can encourage diplomacy. 　The art of conducting and resisting sieges is called siege warfare, siegecraft, or poliorcetics. 　A siege occurs when an attacker encounters a city or fortress that cannot be easily taken by a quick assault, and which refuses to surrender. 　Sieges involve surrounding the target to block the provision of supplies and the reinforcement or escape of troops (a tactic known as "investment"). 　This is typically coupled with attempts to reduce the fortifications by means of siege engines, artillery bombardment, mining (also known as sapping), or the use of deception or treachery to bypass defenses. 　Failing a military outcome, sieges can often be decided by starvation, thirst, or disease, which can afflict either the attacker or defender. 　This form of siege, though, can take many months or even years, depending upon the size of the stores of food the fortified position holds. 　The attacking force can circumvallate the besieged place, which is to build a line of earth-works, consisting of a rampart and trench, surrounding it. 　During the process of circumvallation, the attacking force can be set upon by another force, an ally of the besieged place, due to the lengthy amount of time required to force it to capitulate. 　A defensive ring of forts outside the ring of circumvallated forts, called contravallation, is also sometimes used to defend the attackers from outside. 　Ancient cities in the Middle East show archaeological evidence of fortified city walls. 　During the Warring States era of ancient China, there is both textual and archaeological evidence of prolonged sieges and siege machinery used against the defenders of city walls. 　Siege machinery was also a tradition of the ancient Greco-Roman world. 　During the Renaissance and the early modern period, siege warfare dominated the conduct of war in Europe. 　Leonardo da Vinci gained as much of his renown from the design of fortifications as from his artwork. 　Medieval campaigns were generally designed around a succession of sieges. 　In the Napoleonic era, increasing use of ever more powerful cannons reduced the value of fortifications. 　In the 20th century, the significance of the classical siege declined. 　With the advent of mobile warfare, a single fortified stronghold is no longer as decisive as it once was. 　While traditional sieges do still occur, they are not as common as they once were due to changes in modes of battle, principally the ease by which huge volumes of destructive power can be directed onto a static target. 　Modern sieges are more commonly the result of smaller hostage, militant, or extreme resisting arrest situations.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>siege</b> | si:dʒ | n. the action of an armed force that surrounds a fortified place and isolates it while continuing to attack | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege>n. 包围, 围攻, 再三的努力<br>vt. 包围, 围攻</a> |  |  | 4.73
<b>blockade</b> | blɒ'keid | n. a war measure that isolates some area of importance to the enemy<br>n. prevents access or progress<br>v. obstruct access to<br>v. impose a blockade on | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blockade>n. 阻塞<br>vt. 封锁</a> |  |  | 5.26
<b>fortress</b> | 'fɒ:tris | n. a fortified defensive structure | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fortress>n. 城堡, 要塞<br>vt. 筑要塞, 以要塞防守</a> | fort2 |  | 4.84
<b>attrition</b> | ә'triʃәn | n. sorrow for sin arising from fear of damnation<br>n. a wearing down to weaken or destroy<br>n. the act of rubbing together; wearing something down by friction | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/attrition>n. 摩擦, 磨损<br>[医] 擦除术; 磨耗</a> | trit |  | 6.01
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wright>Wright</a> 
<font size=3>
Wright is an occupational surname originating in England. 　The term 'Wright' comes from the circa 700 AD Old English word 'wryhta' or 'wyrhta', meaning worker or shaper of wood. 　Later it became any occupational worker (for example, a shipwright is a person who builds ships), and is used as a British family name. 　The word's use as an occupational title continued until the mid-19th century, often combined with other words such as in shipwright, wheelwright, wainwright and playwright. 　As of 2014[update], Wright was the eleventh most common surname in England. 　The word carpentier, now "carpenter", was introduced into England in the years after the Norman conquest in 1066 and slowly replaced the traditional name and meaning of wright in most of England. 　'Wright' is still used in Scottish English in the original meaning of 'skilled woodworker'. 　The Incorporation of Wrights of the Trades House of Glasgow, and the Incorporation of Wrights and Masons of Edinburgh Trades retain the word in its original meaning in their role of promoting the woodworking trade. 　Wright is also an anglicised version of the Scots Gaelic clan name "MacIntyre" or "Mac an t-Saoir", meaning "son of the wright" (son of the carpenter). 　In Ireland, the native Gaelic Mac an Cheairt sept of County Mayo occasionally changed their name to Wright. 　This is a literal translation meaning, "son of the right or righteous".
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>wright</b> | rait | n. United States writer of detective novels (1888-1939)<br>n. United States writer whose work is concerned with the oppression of African Americans (1908-1960)<br>n. United States aviation pioneer who (with his brother Orville Wright) invented the airplane (1867-1912) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wright>n. 制作者, 工人</a> |  |  | 4.73
<b>occupational</b> | .ɒkju'peiʃәnl | a. of or relating to the activity or business for which you are trained | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/occupational>a. 职业的, 军事占领的<br>[医] 职业的</a> |  |  | 5.36
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Regulation>Regulation</a> 
<font size=3>
Regulation is the management of complex systems according to a set of rules and trends. 　In systems theory, these types of rules exist in various fields of biology and society, but the term has slightly different meanings according to context. 　For example: in biology, gene regulation and metabolic regulation allow living organisms to adapt to their environment and maintain homeostasis; in government, typically regulation means stipulations of the delegated legislation which is drafted by subject-matter experts[citation needed] to enforce primary legislation; in business, industry self-regulation occurs through self-regulatory organizations and trade associations which allow industries to set and enforce rules with less government involvement; and, in psychology, self-regulation theory is the study of how individuals regulate their thoughts and behaviors to reach goals.
</font>

<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imaging>Imaging</a> 
<font size=3>
Look up imaging in Wiktionary, the free dictionary. 　Imaging is the representation or reproduction of an object's form; especially a visual representation (i.e., the formation of an image). 　Imaging technology is the application of materials and methods to create, preserve, or duplicate images. 　Imaging science is a multidisciplinary field concerned with the generation, collection, duplication, analysis, modification, and visualization of images, including imaging things that the human eye cannot detect. 　As an evolving field it includes research and researchers from physics, mathematics, electrical engineering, computer vision, computer science, and perceptual psychology. 　Imager are imaging sensors.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>imaging</b> | i'mædʒiŋ | n. (medicine) obtaining pictures of the interior of the body | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/imaging>[计] 成象<br>[化] 成像</a> |  | image | 4.73
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bangladesh>Bangladesh</a> 
<font size=3>
Coordinates: 24°N 90°E﻿ / ﻿24°N 90°E﻿ / 24; 90 This article contains Bengali text. 　Without proper rendering support, you may see question marks, boxes, or other symbols. 　Bangladesh (/ˌbæŋɡləˈdɛʃ, ˌbɑːŋ-/; Bengali: বাংলাদেশ, pronounced [ˈbaŋlaˌdeʃ] (listen)), officially the People's Republic of Bangladesh, is a country in South Asia. 　It is the eighth-most populous country in the world, with a population exceeding 165 million people in an area of 148,460 square kilometres (57,320 sq mi). 　Bangladesh is among the most densely populated countries in the world, and shares land borders with India to the west, north, and east, and Myanmar to the southeast; to the south it has a coastline along the Bay of Bengal. 　It is narrowly separated from Bhutan and Nepal by the Siliguri Corridor; and from China by the Indian state of Sikkim in the north. 　Dhaka, the capital and largest city, is the nation's political, financial and cultural centre. 　Chittagong, the second-largest city, is the busiest port on the Bay of Bengal. 　The official language is Bengali, one of the easternmost branches of the Indo-European language family. 　Bangladesh forms the sovereign part of the historic and ethnolinguistic region of Bengal, which was divided during the Partition of India in 1947. 　The country has a Bengali Muslim majority. 　Ancient Bengal was an important cultural centre in the Indian subcontinent as the home of the states of Vanga, Pundra, Gangaridai, Gauda, Samatata, and Harikela. 　The Mauryan, Gupta, Pala, Sena, Chandra and Deva dynasties were the last pre-Islamic rulers of Bengal. 　The Muslim conquest of Bengal began in 1204 when Bakhtiar Khalji overran northern Bengal and invaded Tibet. 　Becoming part of the Delhi Sultanate, three city-states emerged in the 14th century with much of eastern Bengal being ruled from Sonargaon. 　Sufi missionary leaders like Sultan Balkhi, Shah Jalal and Shah Makhdum Rupos helped in spreading Muslim rule. 　The region was unified into an independent, unitary Bengal Sultanate. 　Under Mughal rule, eastern Bengal continued to prosper as the melting pot of Muslims in the eastern subcontinent and attracted traders from around the world. 　The Bengali elite were among the richest people in the world due to strong trade networks like the muslin trade which supplied textiles, such as 40% of Dutch imports from Asia. 　Mughal Bengal became increasingly assertive and independent under the Nawabs of Bengal in the 18th century. 　In 1757, the betrayal of Mir Jafar resulted in the defeat of Nawab Siraj-ud-Daulah to the British East India Company and eventual British dominance across South Asia. 　The Bengal Presidency grew into the largest administrative unit in British India. 　The creation of Eastern Bengal and Assam in 1905 set a precedent for the emergence of Bangladesh. 　In 1940, the first Prime Minister of Bengal supported the Lahore Resolution with the hope of creating a state in the eastern subcontinent. 　Prior to the partition of Bengal, the Prime Minister of Bengal proposed a Bengali sovereign state. 　A referendum and the announcement of the Radcliffe Line established the present-day territorial boundary of Bangladesh. 　In 1947, East Bengal became the most populous province in the Dominion of Pakistan. 　It was renamed as East Pakistan with Dhaka becoming the country's legislative capital. 　The Bengali Language Movement in 1952; the East Bengali legislative election, 1954; the 1958 Pakistani coup d'état; the Six point movement of 1966; and the 1970 Pakistani general election resulted in the rise of Bengali nationalism and pro-democracy movements in East Pakistan. 　The refusal of the Pakistani military junta to transfer power to the Awami League led by Sheikh Mujibur Rahman led to the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971, in which the Mukti Bahini aided by India waged a successful armed revolution. 　The conflict saw the 1971 Bangladesh genocide and the massacre of pro-independence Bengali civilians, including intellectuals. 　The new state of Bangladesh became the first constitutionally secular state in South Asia in 1972. 　Islam was declared the state religion in 1988. 　In 2010, the Bangladesh Supreme Court reaffirmed secular principles in the constitution. 　A middle power in the Indo-Pacific, Bangladesh is the second largest economy in South Asia. 　It maintains the third-largest military in the region and is a major contributor to UN peacekeeping operations. 　The large Muslim population of Bangladesh makes it the third-largest Muslim-majority country. 　Bangladesh is a unitary parliamentary constitutional republic based on the Westminster system. 　Bengalis make up 99% of the total population of Bangladesh. 　The country consists of eight divisions, 64 districts and 495 subdistricts. 　It hosts one of the largest refugee populations in the world due to the Rohingya genocide. 　Bangladesh faces many challenges, particularly corruption and effects of climate change. 　Bangladesh has been a leader within the Climate Vulnerable Forum. 　It hosts the headquarters of BIMSTEC. 　It is a founding member of SAARC, as well as a member of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation and the Commonwealth of Nations.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>Bengali</b> | beŋ'^ɔ:li | n. (Hinduism) a member of a people living in Bangladesh and West Bengal (mainly Hindus)<br>n. an ethnic group speaking Bengali and living in Bangladesh and eastern India<br>n. a Magadhan language spoken by the Bengali people; the official language of Bangladesh and Bengal | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bengali>n. 孟加拉人<br>a. 孟加拉的</a> |  |  | 5.19
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harbor>Harbor</a> 
<font size=3>
A harbor (American English), harbour (British English; see spelling differences), or haven is a sheltered body of water where ships, boats, and barges can be docked. 　The term harbor is often used interchangeably with port, which is a man-made facility built for loading and unloading vessels and dropping off and picking up passengers. 　Ports usually include one or more harbors. 　Alexandria Port in Egypt is an example of a port with two harbors. 　Harbors may be natural or artificial. 　An artificial harbor can have deliberately constructed breakwaters, sea walls, or jettys or they can be constructed by dredging, which requires maintenance by further periodic dredging. 　An example of an artificial harbor is Long Beach Harbor, California, United States, which was an array of salt marshes and tidal flats too shallow for modern merchant ships before it was first dredged in the early 20th century. 　In contrast, a natural harbor is surrounded on several sides of land. 　Examples of natural harbors include Sydney Harbour, New South Wales, Australia and Trincomalee Harbour in Sri Lanka.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>harbor</b> | 'hɑ:bә | n. a place of refuge and comfort and security<br>v. maintain (a theory, thoughts, or feelings)<br>v. secretly shelter (as of fugitives or criminals) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/harbor>n. 港, 避难所<br>v. 庇护, 藏匿, (使)入港停泊</a> |  |  | 4.73
<b>harbour</b> | 'hɑ:bә | n a sheltered port where ships can take on or discharge cargo<br>n a place of refuge and comfort and security<br>v secretly shelter (as of fugitives or criminals)<br>v keep in one's possession; of animals<br>v hold back a thought or feeling about<br>v maintain (a theory, thoughts, or feelings) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/harbour>n. 港, 避难所<br>v. 庇护, 藏匿, (使)入港停泊</a> |  |  | 4.80
<b>haven</b> | 'heivn | n. a shelter serving as a place of safety or sanctuary | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/haven>n. 港, 避难所, 安息所<br>vt. 安置...于港中, 庇护, 入港</a> |  |  | 4.82
<b>barges</b> | bɑ:dʒz | n a flatbottom boat for carrying heavy loads (especially on canals)<br>v push one's way<br>v transport by barge on a body of water | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/barges>n. 驳船( barge的名词复数 )</a> |  | barge | 5.73
<b>docked</b> | dɔkt | v come into dock<br>v deprive someone of benefits, as a penalty<br>v deduct from someone's wages<br>v remove or shorten the tail of an animal<br>v maneuver into a dock | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/docked>v. （使）船停靠码头( dock的过去式和过去分词 ); （使宇宙飞船在外层空间）对接; 减少; 扣除</a> |  | dock | 5.74
</font>
<br>



