## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metallic>Metallic</a> 
<font size=3>
Look up metallic in Wiktionary, the free dictionary. 　Wikimedia Commons has media related to metallic. 　Metallic may be a reference to: Metal Metalloid, metal-like substance Metallic bonding, type of chemical bonding Metallicity, in astronomy the proportion of elements other than helium and hydrogen in an object Metallic color, a color that gives the appearance of metal Metallic dragon, a classification of dragon found in the role playing game Dungeons & Dragons Metallic paint, paint that provides the appearance of metal Heavy metal music, a genre of rock music
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>metallic</b> | mi'tælik | n. a fabric made of a yarn that is partly or entirely of metal<br>n. a yarn made partly or entirely of metal<br>a. containing or made of or resembling or characteristic of a metal | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/metallic>a. 金属的, 含金属的, 产生金属的<br>[经] 金属的</a> |  |  | 4.98
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Continent>Continent</a> 
<font size=3>
A continent is any of several large geographical regions. 　Continents are generally identified by convention rather than any strict criteria, it could be a single landmass or a part of a very large landmass, as in the case of Asia or Europe. 　Due to this, the number of continents varies; up to seven or as few as four geographical regions are commonly regarded as continents. 　Most English-speaking countries recognize seven regions as continents. 　In order from largest to smallest in area, these seven regions are Asia, Africa, North America, South America, Antarctica, Europe, and Australia. 　Different variations with fewer continents merge some of these regions, examples of this are merging North America and South America into America, Asia and Europe into Eurasia, and Africa, Asia, and Europe into Afro-Eurasia. 　Oceanic islands are frequently grouped with a nearby continent to divide all the world's land into geographical regions. 　Under this scheme, most of the island countries and territories in the Pacific Ocean are grouped together with the continent of Australia to form the geographical region Oceania. 　In geology, a continent is defined as "one of Earth's major landmasses, including both dry land and continental shelves". 　The geological continents correspond to seven large areas of continental crust that are found on the tectonic plates, but exclude small continental fragments such as Madagascar that are generally referred to as microcontinents. 　Continental crust is only known to exist on Earth. 　The idea of continental drift gained recognition in the 20th century. 　It postulates that the current continents formed from the breaking up of a supercontinent (Pangaea) that formed hundreds of millions of years ago.
</font>

<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apollo>Apollo</a> 
<font size=3>
This article contains special characters. 　Without proper rendering support, you may see question marks, boxes, or other symbols. 　Apollo is one of the Olympian deities in classical Greek and Roman religion and Greek and Roman mythology. 　The national divinity of the Greeks, Apollo has been recognized as a god of archery, music and dance, truth and prophecy, healing and diseases, the Sun and light, poetry, and more. 　One of the most important and complex of the Greek gods, he is the son of Zeus and Leto, and the twin brother of Artemis, goddess of the hunt. 　Seen as the most beautiful god and the ideal of the kouros (ephebe, or a beardless, athletic youth), Apollo is considered to be the most Greek of all the gods.　[citation needed] Apollo is known in Greek-influenced Etruscan mythology as Apulu. 　As the patron deity of Delphi (Apollo Pythios), Apollo is an oracular god—the prophetic deity of the Delphic Oracle. 　Apollo is the god who affords help and wards off evil; various epithets call him the "averter of evil". 　Medicine and healing are associated with Apollo, whether through the god himself or mediated through his son Asclepius. 　Apollo delivered people from epidemics, yet he is also a god who could bring ill-health and deadly plague with his arrows. 　The invention of archery itself is credited to Apollo and his sister Artemis. 　Apollo is usually described as carrying a silver or golden bow and a quiver of silver or golden arrows. 　Apollo's capacity to make youths grow is one of the best attested facets of his panhellenic cult persona. 　As a protector of the young (kourotrophos), Apollo is concerned with the health and education of children. 　He presided over their passage into adulthood. 　Long hair, which was the prerogative of boys, was cut at the coming of age (ephebeia) and dedicated to Apollo. 　Apollo is an important pastoral deity, and was the patron of herdsmen and shepherds. 　Protection of herds, flocks and crops from diseases, pests and predators were his primary duties. 　On the other hand, Apollo also encouraged founding new towns and establishment of civil constitution. 　He is associated with dominion over colonists. 　He was the giver of laws, and his oracles were consulted before setting laws in a city. 　As the god of mousike, Apollo presides over all music, songs, dance and poetry. 　He is the inventor of string-music, and the frequent companion of the Muses, functioning as their chorus leader in celebrations. 　The lyre is a common attribute of Apollo. 　In Hellenistic times, especially during the 5th century BCE, as Apollo Helios he became identified among Greeks with Helios, the personification of the Sun. 　In Latin texts, however, there was no conflation of Apollo with Sol among the classical Latin poets until 1st century CE. 　Apollo and Helios/Sol remained separate beings in literary and mythological texts until the 5th century CE.
</font>

<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Napoleon>Napoleon</a> 
<font size=3>
Battles of Napoleon Napoleon Bonaparte (born Napoleone Buonaparte; 15 August 1769 – 5 May 1821), later known by his regnal name Napoleon I, was a French military commander and political leader who rose to prominence during the French Revolution and led successful campaigns during the Revolutionary Wars. 　He was the de facto leader of the French Republic as First Consul from 1799 to 1804, then Emperor of the French from 1804 until 1814 and again in 1815. 　Napoleon's political and cultural legacy endures to this day, as a highly celebrated and controversial leader. 　He initiated many liberal reforms that have persisted in society, and is considered one of the greatest military commanders in history. 　His wars and campaigns are studied by militaries all over the world. 　Between three and six million civilians and soldiers perished in what became known as the Napoleonic Wars. 　Napoleon was born on the island of Corsica, not long after its annexation by France, to a native family descending from minor Italian nobility. 　He supported the French Revolution in 1789 while serving in the French army, and tried to spread its ideals to his native Corsica. 　He rose rapidly in the Army after he saved the governing French Directory by firing on royalist insurgents. 　In 1796, he began a military campaign against the Austrians and their Italian allies, scoring decisive victories and becoming a national hero. 　Two years later, he led a military expedition to Egypt that served as a springboard to political power. 　He engineered a coup in November 1799 and became First Consul of the Republic. 　Differences with the United Kingdom meant France faced the War of the Third Coalition by 1805. 　Napoleon shattered this coalition with victories in the Ulm campaign, and at the Battle of Austerlitz, which led to the dissolution of the Holy Roman Empire. 　In 1806, the Fourth Coalition took up arms against him. 　Napoleon defeated Prussia at the battles of Jena and Auerstedt, marched the Grande Armée into Eastern Europe, and defeated the Russians in June 1807 at Friedland, forcing the defeated nations of the Fourth Coalition to accept the Treaties of Tilsit. 　Two years later, the Austrians challenged the French again during the War of the Fifth Coalition, but Napoleon solidified his grip over Europe after triumphing at the Battle of Wagram. 　Hoping to extend the Continental System, his embargo against Britain, Napoleon invaded the Iberian Peninsula and declared his brother Joseph the King of Spain in 1808. 　The Spanish and the Portuguese revolted in the Peninsular War aided by a British army, culminating in defeat for Napoleon's marshals. 　Napoleon launched an invasion of Russia in the summer of 1812. 　The resulting campaign witnessed the catastrophic retreat of Napoleon's Grande Armée. 　In 1813, Prussia and Austria joined Russian forces in a Sixth Coalition against France, resulting in a large coalition army defeating Napoleon at the Battle of Leipzig. 　The coalition invaded France and captured Paris, forcing Napoleon to abdicate in April 1814. 　He was exiled to the island of Elba, between Corsica and Italy. 　In France, the Bourbons were restored to power. 　Napoleon escaped in February 1815 and took control of France. 　The Allies responded by forming a Seventh Coalition, which defeated Napoleon at the Battle of Waterloo in June 1815. 　The British exiled him to the remote island of Saint Helena in the Atlantic, where he died in 1821 at the age of 51. 　Napoleon had an extensive impact on the modern world, bringing liberal reforms to the lands he conquered, especially the regions of the Low Countries, Switzerland and parts of modern Italy and Germany. 　He implemented many liberal policies in France and Western Europe.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>Napoleon</b> | nә'pәuljәn | n. French general who became emperor of the French (1769-1821)<br>n. a rectangular piece of pastry with thin flaky layers and filled with custard cream<br>n. a card game similar to whist; usually played for stakes | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Napoleon>n. 拿破仑</a> |  |  | 4.98
<b>Bonaparte</b> | 'bәunәpɑ:t | n French general who became emperor of the French (1769-1821) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bonaparte>波拿巴(①姓氏, 法国科西嘉岛上的家族 ②Napoleon, 1769-1821, 法国皇帝, 1804-1815在位)</a> |  |  | 5.57
<b>Buonaparte</b> | ,bwɔ:nɑ:'pɑ:te |  | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buonaparte>family 波拿巴家族(即Bonaparte family)</a> |  |  | 10.00
<b>regnal</b> | 'regnәl | a. Of or pertaining to the reign of a monarch; as, regnal<br> years. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/regnal>a. 帝王的, 王国的</a> |  |  | 6.32
<b>prominence</b> | 'prɒminәns | n. the state of being prominent: widely known or eminent<br>n. relative importance | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prominence>n. 突起, 突出, 显著, 突出物, 凸出<br>[医] 隆凸, 凸</a> |  |  | 5.13
<b>successful</b> | sәk'sesful | a. having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/successful>a. 成功的, 一帆风顺的, 顺利的<br>[经] 成功的</a> | -ful1 |  | 4.09
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inspection>Inspection</a> 
<font size=3>
An inspection is, most generally, an organized examination or formal evaluation exercise. 　In engineering activities inspection involves the measurements, tests, and gauges applied to certain characteristics in regard to an object or activity. 　The results are usually compared to specified requirements and standards for determining whether the item or activity is in line with these targets, often with a Standard Inspection Procedure in place to ensure consistent checking. 　Inspections are usually non-destructive. 　Inspections may be a visual inspection or involve sensing technologies such as ultrasonic testing, accomplished with a direct physical presence or remotely such as a remote visual inspection, and manually or automatically such as an automated optical inspection. 　Non-contact optical measurement and photogrammetry have become common NDT methods for inspection of manufactured components and design optimisation. 　A 2007 Scottish Government review of scrutiny of public services (the Crerar Review) defined inspection of public services as "... periodic, targeted scrutiny of specific services, to check whether they are meeting national and local performance standards, legislative and professional requirements, and the needs of service users." 　A surprise inspection tends to have different results than an announced inspection. 　Leaders wanting to know how others in their organization perform can drop in without warning, to see directly what happens. 　If an inspection is made known in advance, it can give people a chance to cover up or to fix mistakes. 　This could lead to distorted and inaccurate findings. 　A surprise inspection, therefore, gives inspectors a better picture of the typical state of the inspected object or process than an announced inspection. 　It also enhances external confidence in the inspection process.　: 28
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>inspection</b> | in'spekʃәn | n. a formal or official examination | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/inspection>n. 检验, 检查, 视察<br>[医] 检查, 视察, 监督, 望诊</a> |  |  | 4.98
<b>examination</b> | ig.zæmi'neiʃәn | n. the act of examining something closely (as for mistakes)<br>n. a set of questions or exercises evaluating skill or knowledge<br>n. the act of giving students or candidates a test (as by questions) to determine what they know or have learned | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/examination>n. 考试, 测验, 审查<br>[医] 检查, 诊察</a> |  |  | 4.74
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lighter>Lighter</a> 
<font size=3>
A lighter is a portable device which creates a flame, and can be used to ignite a variety of items, such as cigarettes, gas lighter, fireworks, candles or campfires. 　It consists of a metal or plastic container filled with a flammable liquid or compressed gas, a means of ignition to produce the flame, and some provision for extinguishing the flame. 　Alternatively, a lighter can be powered by electricity, using an electric arc or heating element to ignite the target.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>lighter</b> | 'laitә | n. a device for lighting or igniting fuel or charges or fires<br>v. transport in a flatbottom boat | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lighter>n. 点火者, 点灯工人, 打火机, 驳船<br>vt. 以驳船搬运</a> |  | light | 4.98
<b>flame</b> | fleim | v. be in flames or aflame<br>v. criticize harshly, usually via an electronic medium | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flame>n. 火焰, 火舌, 热情, 光辉<br>vt. 焚烧, 用火焰给...灭菌, 用火焰传送(信号), 点燃, 激动<br>vi. 燃烧, 爆发, 闪耀<br>[计] 无聊邮件, 无益邮件</a> |  |  | 4.92
<b>ignite</b> | ig'nait | v. cause to start burning; subject to fire or great heat | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ignite>vt. 点燃, 使灼热, 使兴奋</a> |  |  | 5.86
<b>cigarettes</b> | sɪɡə'rets | n. finely ground tobacco wrapped in paper; for smoking | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cigarettes>n. 纸烟, 香烟( cigarette的复数形式 )</a> |  | cigarette | 5.33
<b>fireworks</b> | 'faiәwә:ks | n (usually plural) a device with an explosive that burns at a low rate and with colored flames; can be used to illuminate areas or send signals etc. | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fireworks>n. 烟火, 激烈争论<br>[化] 焰火</a> |  | firework | 5.41
<b>campfires</b> | ˈkæmpfaiəz | n. a small outdoor fire for warmth or cooking (as at a camp) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/campfires>n. 营火, 篝火( campfire的复数形式 )</a> |  | campfire | 6.51
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prague>Prague</a> 
<font size=3>
Prague (/prɑːɡ/ PRAHG; Czech: Praha [ˈpraɦa] (listen); German: Prag, pronounced [pʁaːk] (listen); Latin: Praga) is the capital and largest city in the Czech Republic, and the historical capital of Bohemia. 　On the Vltava river, Prague is home to about 1.3 million people. 　The city has a temperate oceanic climate, with relatively warm summers and chilly winters. 　Prague is a political, cultural, and economic hub of central Europe, with a rich history and Romanesque, Gothic, Renaissance and Baroque architectures. 　It was the capital of the Kingdom of Bohemia and residence of several Holy Roman Emperors, most notably Charles IV (r. 1346–1378). 　It was an important city to the Habsburg monarchy and Austro-Hungarian Empire. 　The city played major roles in the Bohemian and the Protestant Reformations, the Thirty Years' War and in 20th-century history as the capital of Czechoslovakia between the World Wars and the post-war Communist era. 　Prague is home to a number of well-known cultural attractions, many of which survived the violence and destruction of 20th-century Europe. 　Main attractions include Prague Castle, Charles Bridge, Old Town Square with the Prague astronomical clock, the Jewish Quarter, Petřín hill and Vyšehrad. 　Since 1992, the historic center of Prague has been included in the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites. 　The city has more than ten major museums, along with numerous theaters, galleries, cinemas, and other historical exhibits. 　An extensive modern public transportation system connects the city. 　It is home to a wide range of public and private schools, including Charles University in Prague, the oldest university in Central Europe. 　Prague is classified as an "Alpha-" global city according to GaWC studies. 　In 2019, the city was ranked as 69th most livable city in the world by Mercer. 　In the same year, the PICSA Index ranked the city as 13th most livable city in the world. 　Its rich history makes it a popular tourist destination and as of 2017, the city receives more than 8.5 million international visitors annually. 　In 2017, Prague was listed as the fifth most visited European city after London, Paris, Rome, and Istanbul.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>Prague</b> | prɑ:g | n. the capital and largest city of the Czech Republic in the western part of the country; a cultural and commercial center since the 14th century | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prague>n. 布拉格</a> |  |  | 4.98
<b>Czech</b> | tʃek | n. a native of inhabitant of the Czech Republic<br>n. the Slavic language of Czechs<br>a. of or relating to Czechoslovakia or its people or their language | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Czech>n. 捷克人, 捷克语<br>a. 捷克的, 捷克语的, 捷克人的</a> |  |  | 4.66
<b>Prag</b> | prɑ:^ | n the capital and largest city of the Czech Republic in the western part of the country; a cultural and commercial center since the 14th century | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prag><德>=Prague</a> |  |  | 10.00
<b>Bohemia</b> | bәu'hi:mjә | n. a historical area and former kingdom in the Czech Republic<br>n. a group of artists and writers with real or pretended artistic or intellectual aspirations and usually an unconventional life style | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bohemia>n. 波希米亚</a> |  |  | 5.42
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cannon>Cannon</a> 
<font size=3>
A cannon is a large-caliber gun classified as a type of artillery, which usually launches a projectile using explosive chemical propellant. 　Gunpowder ("black powder") was the primary propellant before the invention of smokeless powder during the late 19th century. 　Cannons vary in gauge, effective range, mobility, rate of fire, angle of fire and firepower; different forms of cannon combine and balance these attributes in varying degrees, depending on their intended use on the battlefield. 　A cannon is a type of heavy artillery weapon. 　The word cannon is derived from several languages, in which the original definition can usually be translated as tube, cane, or reed. 　In the modern era, the term cannon has fallen into decline, replaced by guns or artillery, if not a more specific term such as howitzer or mortar, except for high-caliber automatic weapons firing bigger rounds than machine guns, called autocannons. 　The earliest known depiction of cannons appeared in Song dynasty China as early as the 12th century; however, solid archaeological and documentary evidence of cannons do not appear until the 13th century. 　In 1288 Yuan dynasty troops are recorded to have used hand cannon in combat, and the earliest extant cannon bearing a date of production comes from the same period. 　By the early 14th century, possible mentions of cannon had appeared in the Middle East and the depiction of one in Europe by 1326. 　Recorded usage of cannon began appearing almost immediately after. 　They subsequently spread to India, their usage on the subcontinent being first attested to in 1366. 　By the end of the 14th century, cannons were widespread throughout Eurasia. 　Cannons were used primarily as anti-infantry weapons until around 1374, when large cannons were recorded to have breached walls for the first time in Europe. 　Cannons featured prominently as siege weapons, and ever larger pieces appeared. 　In 1464 a 16,000 kg (35,000 lb) cannon known as the Great Turkish Bombard was created in the Ottoman Empire. 　Cannons as field artillery became more important after 1453, with the introduction of limber, which greatly improved cannon maneuverability and mobility. 　European cannons reached their longer, lighter, more accurate, and more efficient "classic form" around 1480. 　This classic European cannon design stayed relatively consistent in form with minor changes until the 1750s.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>cannon</b> | 'kænәn | n. a large artillery gun that is usually on wheels<br>n. heavy gun fired from a tank<br>n. (Middle Ages) a cylindrical piece of armor plate to protect the arm<br>n. heavy automatic gun fired from an airplane | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cannon>n. 大炮, 加农炮<br>v. 炮轰</a> |  |  | 4.98
<b>caliber</b> | 'kælibә | n a degree or grade of excellence or worth<br>n diameter of a tube or gun barrel | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/caliber>n. 口径, 才干, 水准<br>[医] 管径, 口径</a> |  |  | 5.44
<b>classified</b> | 'klæsifaid | a. arranged into classes<br>a. official classification of information or documents; withheld from general circulation | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/classified>a. 分类的, 被归入某类的, 被指定为机密的<br>[建] 分了类的, 分了级的</a> |  | classify | 4.61
<b>explosive</b> | ik'splәusiv | n. a chemical substance that undergoes a rapid chemical change (with the production of gas) on being heated or struck<br>a. serving to explode or characterized by explosion or sudden outburst<br>s. liable to lead to sudden change or violence<br>s. sudden and loud | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/explosive>n. 炸药, 爆破音<br>a. 易爆发的, 爆炸的, 暴躁的</a> |  |  | 5.10
<b>propellant</b> | prәu'pelәnt | n. any substance that propels<br>s. tending to or capable of propelling | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/propellant>n. 推进剂, 发射火药, 推进者<br>[化] 火药</a> |  |  | 5.80
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Limestone>Limestone</a> 
<font size=3>
Limestone (calcium carbonate CaCO3) is a type of carbonate sedimentary rock which is the main source of the material lime. 　It is composed mostly of the minerals calcite and aragonite, which are different crystal forms of CaCO3. 　Limestone forms when these minerals precipitate out of water containing dissolved calcium. 　This can take place through both biological and nonbiological processes, though biological processes, such as the accumulation of corals and shells in the sea, have likely been more important for the last 540 million years. 　Limestone often contains fossils which provide scientists with information on ancient environments and on the evolution of life. 　About 20% to 25% of sedimentary rock is carbonate rock, and most of this is limestone. 　The remaining carbonate rock is mostly dolomite, a closely related rock, which contains a high percentage of the mineral dolomite, CaMg(CO3)2. 　Magnesian limestone is an obsolete and poorly-defined term used variously for dolomite, for limestone containing significant dolomite (dolomitic limestone), or for any other limestone containing a significant percentage of magnesium. 　Most limestone was formed in shallow marine environments, such as continental shelves or platforms, though smaller amounts were formed in many other environments. 　Much dolomite is secondary dolomite, formed by chemical alteration of limestone. 　Limestone is exposed over large regions of the Earth's surface, and because limestone is slightly soluble in rainwater, these exposures often are eroded to become karst landscapes. 　Most cave systems are found in limestone bedrock. 　Limestone has numerous uses: as a chemical feedstock for the production of lime used for cement (an essential component of concrete), as aggregate for the base of roads, as white pigment or filler in products such as toothpaste or paints, as a soil conditioner, and as a popular decorative addition to rock gardens. 　Limestone formations contain about 30% of the world's petroleum reservoirs.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>calcium</b> | 'kælsiәm | n. a white metallic element that burns with a brilliant light; the fifth most abundant element in the earth's crust; an important component of most plants and animals | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/calcium>n. 钙<br>[化] 钙Ca</a> |  |  | 5.24
<b>lime</b> | laim | n. any of various related trees bearing limes<br>n. the green acidic fruit of any of various lime trees<br>v. cover with lime so as to induce growth | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lime>n. 石灰, 粘鸟胶, 酸橙<br>vt. 以石灰处理, 粘鸟胶于, 撒石灰</a> |  |  | 5.28
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harmony>Harmony</a> 
<font size=3>
In music, harmony is the process by which individual sounds are joined together or composed into whole units or compositions. 　Often, the term harmony refers to simultaneously occurring frequencies, pitches (tones, notes), or chords. 　However, harmony is generally understood to involve both vertical harmony (chords) and horizontal harmony (melody). 　Harmony is a perceptual property of music, and, along with melody, one of the building blocks of Western music. 　Its perception is based on consonance, a concept whose definition has changed various times throughout Western music. 　In a physiological approach, consonance is a continuous variable. 　Consonant pitch relationships are described as sounding more pleasant, euphonious, and beautiful than dissonant relationships which sound unpleasant, discordant, or rough. 　The study of harmony involves chords and their construction and chord progressions and the principles of connection that govern them. 　Counterpoint, which refers to the relationship between melodic lines, and polyphony, which refers to the simultaneous sounding of separate independent voices, are therefore sometimes distinguished from harmony. 　In popular and jazz harmony, chords are named by their root plus various terms and characters indicating their qualities. 　In many types of music, notably baroque, romantic, modern, and jazz, chords are often augmented with "tensions". 　A tension is an additional chord member that creates a relatively dissonant interval in relation to the bass. 　Typically, in the classical common practice period a dissonant chord (chord with tension) "resolves" to a consonant chord. 　Harmonization usually sounds pleasant to the ear when there is a balance between consonance and dissonance. 　Simply put, this occurs when there is a balance between "tense" and "relaxed" moments. 　Dissonance is an important part of harmony when dissonance can be resolved and contribute to the composition of music as a whole. 　A misplayed note or any sound that is judged to detract from the whole composition can be described as disharmonious rather than dissonant.
</font>

<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pistol>Pistol</a> 
<font size=3>
A pistol is a handgun, more specifically one with the chamber integral to its gun barrel, though in common usage the two terms are often used interchangeably. 　The English word was introduced in c. 　1570, when early handguns were produced in Europe, and is derived from the Middle French pistolet (c. 1550), meaning a small gun or knife. 　In colloquial usage, the word "pistol" is often used to describe any type of handgun, inclusive of revolvers (which have a single barrel and a separate cylinder housing multiple chambers) and the pocket-sized derringers (which are often multi-barrelled). 　The most common type of pistol used in the contemporary era is the semi-automatic pistol, while the older single-shot and manual repeating pistols are now rarely seen and used primarily for nostalgic hunting and historical reenactment, and the fully automatic machine pistols are uncommon in civilian usage due to generally poor recoil-controllability and strict laws and regulations governing their manufacture and sale.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>pistol</b> | 'pistl | n. a firearm that is held and fired with one hand | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pistol>n. 手枪, 信号枪<br>vt. 以手枪杀死(或伤害)</a> |  |  | 4.98
<b>handgun</b> | 'hændɡʌn | n a firearm that is held and fired with one hand | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/handgun>n. 手枪</a> |  |  | 5.76
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java>Java</a> 
<font size=3>
This article contains letters from the Javanese script. 　Without proper rendering support, you may see question marks, boxes, or other symbols instead of Javanese characters. 　You may need rendering support to display the Sundanese script in this article correctly. 　Java (/ˈdʒɑːvə, ˈdʒævə/; Indonesian: Jawa, pronounced [ˈdʒawa]; Javanese: ꧋ꦗꦮ, romanized: Jawa) is one of the Greater Sunda Islands in Indonesia. 　It is bordered by the Indian Ocean to the south and the Java Sea to the north. 　With a population of 151.6 million people, Java is the world's most populous island, home to approximately 56% of the Indonesian population. 　Indonesia's capital city, Jakarta, is on Java's northwestern coast. 　Many of the best known events in Indonesian history took place on Java. 　It was the centre of powerful Hindu-Buddhist empires, the Islamic sultanates, and the core of the colonial Dutch East Indies. 　Java was also the center of the Indonesian struggle for independence during the 1930s and 1940s. 　Java dominates Indonesia politically, economically and culturally. 　Four of Indonesia's eight UNESCO world heritage sites are located in Java: Ujung Kulon National Park, Borobudur Temple, Prambanan Temple, and Sangiran Early Man Site. 　Formed by volcanic eruptions due to geologic subduction of the Australian Plate under the Sunda Plate, Java is the 13th largest island in the world and the fifth largest in Indonesia by landmass at about 138,800 square kilometres (53,600 sq mi). 　A chain of volcanic mountains is the east–west spine of the island. 　Four main languages are spoken on the island: Javanese, Sundanese, Madurese, and Betawi. 　Javanese and Sundanese are the most spoken. 　The ethnic groups native to the island are the Javanese in the central and eastern parts and Sundanese in the western parts. 　The Madurese in the Eastern salient of Java are migrants from Madura Island, while the Betawi in the capital city of Jakarta are hybrids from various ethnic groups in Indonesia. 　Most residents are bilingual, speaking Indonesian (the official language of Indonesia) as their first or second language. 　While the majority of the people of Java are Muslim, Java's population comprises people of diverse religious beliefs, ethnicities, and cultures. 　Java is divided into four administrative provinces: Banten, West Java, Central Java, and East Java, and two special regions, Jakarta and Yogyakarta.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>Javanese</b> | .dʒævә'ni:z | n. a native or inhabitant of Java<br>n. the Indonesian language spoken on Java<br>a. of or relating to or characteristic of Java or its inhabitants or its language | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Javanese>a. 爪哇的, 爪哇人的, 爪哇语的<br>n. 爪哇人, 爪哇岛人, 爪哇语</a> |  |  | 5.69
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Screenplay>Screenplay</a> 
<font size=3>
A screenplay, or script, is a written work by screenwriters for a film, television show, or video game (as opposed to a stage play). 　A screenplay written for television is also known as a teleplay. 　Screenplays can be original works or adaptations from existing pieces of writing. 　A screenplay is a form of narration in which the movements, actions, expressions and dialogue of the characters are described in a certain format. 　Visual or cinematographic cues may be given, as well as scene descriptions and scene changes.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>screenwriters</b> | ˈskri:nˌraitəz | n. someone who writes screenplays | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/screenwriters>n. 电影剧本作家, 编剧家( screenwriter的复数形式 )</a> |  | screenwriter | 6.20
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sony>Sony</a> 
<font size=3>
Sony Group Corporation (ソニーグループ株式会社, Sonī Gurūpu kabushiki gaisha, /ˈsoʊni/ SOH-nee) (also known as Sony Corporation, commonly known as Sony, stylized as SONY and abbreviated as Sony Group Corp.) is a Japanese multinational conglomerate corporation headquartered in Minato, Tokyo, Japan. 　As a major technology company, it operates as one of the world's largest manufacturers of consumer and professional electronic products, the largest video game console company and the largest video game publisher. 　Through Sony Entertainment Inc, it is one of the largest music companies (largest music publisher and second largest record label) and the third largest film studio, making it one of the most comprehensive media companies. 　It is the largest technology and media conglomerate in Japan. 　It is also recognized as the most cash-rich Japanese company, with net cash reserves of ¥2 trillion. 　Sony, with its 55 percent market share in the image sensor market, is the largest manufacturer of image sensors, the second largest camera manufacturer, and is among the semiconductor sales leaders. 　It is the world's largest player in the premium TV market for a television of at least 55 inches (140 centimeters) with a price higher than $2,500 as well as second largest TV brand by market share and, as of 2020, the third largest television manufacturer in the world by annual sales figures. 　Sony Group Corporation is the holding company of the Sony Group (ソニー・グループ, Sonī Gurūpu), which comprises Sony Corporation, Sony Semiconductor Solutions, Sony Entertainment (Sony Pictures, Sony Music), Sony Interactive Entertainment, Sony Financial Group, Sony Creative Products, and others. 　The company's slogan is We are Sony. 　Their former slogans were The One and Only (1979–1982), It's a Sony (1981–2005), like.no.other (2005–2009), make.believe (2009–2013), and Be Moved (2013–2021). 　Sony has a weak tie to the Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group (SMFG) corporate group, the successor to the Mitsui keiretsu. 　Sony is listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange (in which it is a constituent of the Nikkei 225 and TOPIX Core30 indexes) with an additional listing in the form of American depositary receipts listed in the New York Stock Exchange (traded since 1970, making it the oldest Japanese company to be listed in an American exchange), and was ranked 88th on the 2021 Fortune Global 500 list.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>conglomerate</b> | kәn'glɒmәrit | n. a group of diverse companies under common ownership and run as a single organization<br>s. composed of heterogeneous elements gathered into a mass | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/conglomerate>a. 聚成球形的, 砾岩性的<br>n. 集成物, 混合体, 砾岩<br>v. (使)凝聚成团</a> |  |  | 5.56
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Derivative>Derivative</a> 
<font size=3>
In mathematics, the derivative of a function of a real variable measures the sensitivity to change of the function value (output value) with respect to a change in its argument (input value). 　Derivatives are a fundamental tool of calculus. 　For example, the derivative of the position of a moving object with respect to time is the object's velocity: this measures how quickly the position of the object changes when time advances. 　The derivative of a function of a single variable at a chosen input value, when it exists, is the slope of the tangent line to the graph of the function at that point. 　The tangent line is the best linear approximation of the function near that input value. 　For this reason, the derivative is often described as the "instantaneous rate of change", the ratio of the instantaneous change in the dependent variable to that of the independent variable. 　Derivatives can be generalized to functions of several real variables. 　In this generalization, the derivative is reinterpreted as a linear transformation whose graph is (after an appropriate translation) the best linear approximation to the graph of the original function. 　The Jacobian matrix is the matrix that represents this linear transformation with respect to the basis given by the choice of independent and dependent variables. 　It can be calculated in terms of the partial derivatives with respect to the independent variables. 　For a real-valued function of several variables, the Jacobian matrix reduces to the gradient vector. 　The process of finding a derivative is called differentiation. 　The reverse process is called antidifferentiation. 　The fundamental theorem of calculus relates antidifferentiation with integration. 　Differentiation and integration constitute the two fundamental operations in single-variable calculus.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>sensitivity</b> | .sensә'tiviti | n. (physiology) responsiveness to external stimuli; the faculty of sensation<br>n. the ability to respond to physical stimuli or to register small physical amounts or differences<br>n. sensitivity to emotional feelings (of self and others) | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sensitivity>n. 敏感, 灵敏度<br>[计] 灵敏度</a> | sens, sent1 |  | 4.83
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethics_(Scientology)>Ethics (Scientology)</a> 
<font size=3>
According to the Church of Scientology, ethics may be defined as the actions an individual takes on himself to ensure his continued survival across the dynamics. 　It is a personal thing. 　When one is ethical, it is something he does himself by his own choice. 　According to founder L. Ron Hubbard's teachings, Scientology ethics is predicated on the idea that there are degrees of ethical conduct.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>himself</b> | him'self | pron. An emphasized form of the third person masculine<br> pronoun; -- used as a subject usually with he; as, he himself will bear<br> the blame; used alone in the predicate, either in the nominative or<br> objective case; as, it is himself who saved himself.<br>pron. One's true or real character; one's natural temper and<br> disposition; the state of being in one's right or sane mind (after<br> unconsciousness, passion, delirium, or abasement); as, the man has come<br> to himself.<br>pron. pl. Alt. of Himselven | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/himself>pron. 他自己, 他亲自</a> |  |  | 3.60
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethics>Ethics</a> 
<font size=3>
Ethics or moral philosophy is a branch of philosophy that "involves systematizing, defending, and recommending concepts of right and wrong behavior". 　The field of ethics, along with aesthetics, concerns matters of value; these fields comprise the branch of philosophy called axiology. 　Ethics seeks to resolve questions of human morality by defining concepts such as good and evil, right and wrong, virtue and vice, justice and crime. 　As a field of intellectual inquiry, moral philosophy is related to the fields of moral psychology, descriptive ethics, and value theory. 　Three major areas of study within ethics recognized today are: Meta-ethics, concerning the theoretical meaning and reference of moral propositions, and how their truth values (if any) can be determined; Normative ethics, concerning the practical means of determining a moral course of action; Applied ethics, concerning what a person is obligated (or permitted) to do in a specific situation or a particular domain of action.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>systematizing</b> | ˈsistimətaizɪŋ | p. pr. & vb. n. of Systematize | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/systematizing>v. 使系统化, 使成体系( systematize的现在分词 )</a> |  | systematize | 10.00
<b>recommending</b> | ˌrekəˈmendɪŋ | p. pr. & vb. n. of Recommend | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/recommending>v. 托( recommend的现在分词 ); 推荐; 劝告; 使显得吸引人</a> |  | recommend | 5.74
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hammer>Hammer</a> 
<font size=3>
A hammer is a tool, most often a hand tool, consisting of a weighted "head" fixed to a long handle that is swung to deliver an impact to a small area of an object. 　This can be, for example, to drive nails into wood, to shape metal (as with a forge), or to crush rock. 　Hammers are used for a wide range of driving, shaping, breaking and non-destructive striking applications. 　Traditional disciplines include carpentry, blacksmithing, warfare, and percussive musicianship (as with a gong). 　Hammering is use of a hammer in its strike capacity, as opposed to prying with a secondary claw or grappling with a secondary hook. 　Carpentry and blacksmithing hammers are generally wielded from a stationary stance against a stationary target as gripped and propelled with one arm, in a lengthy downward planar arc—downward to add kinetic energy to the impact—pivoting mainly around the shoulder and elbow, with a small but brisk wrist rotation shortly before impact; for extreme impact, concurrent motions of the torso and knee can lower the shoulder joint during the swing to further increase the length of the swing arc (but this is tiring). 　War hammers are often wielded in non-vertical planes of motion, with a far greater share of energy input provided from the legs and hips, which can also include a lunging motion, especially against moving targets. 　Small mallets can be swung from the wrists in a smaller motion permitting a much higher cadence of repeated strikes. 　Use of hammers and heavy mallets for demolition must adapt the hammer stroke to the location and orientation of the target, which can necessitate a clubbing or golfing motion with a two-handed grip. 　The modern hammer head is typically made of steel which has been heat treated for hardness, and the handle (also known as a haft or helve) is typically made of wood or plastic. 　Ubiquitous in framing, the claw hammer has a "claw" to pull nails out of wood, and is commonly found in an inventory of household tools in North America. 　Other types of hammers vary in shape, size, and structure, depending on their purposes. 　Hammers used in many trades include sledgehammers, mallets, and ball-peen hammers. 　Although most hammers are hand tools, powered hammers, such as steam hammers and trip hammers, are used to deliver forces beyond the capacity of the human arm. 　There are over 40 different types of hammers that have many different types of uses. 　For hand hammers, the grip of the shaft is an important consideration. 　Many forms of hammering by hand are heavy work, and perspiration can lead to slippage from the hand, turning a hammer into a dangerous or destructive uncontrolled projectile. 　Steel is highly elastic and transmits shock and vibration; steel is also a good conductor of heat, making it unsuitable for contact with bare skin in frigid conditions. 　Modern hammers with steel shafts are almost invariably clad with a synthetic polymer to improve grip, dampen vibration, and to provide thermal insulation. 　A suitably contoured handle is also an important aid in providing a secure grip during heavy use. 　Traditional wooden handles were reasonably good in all regards, but lack strength and durability compared to steel, and there are safety issues with wooden handles if the head becomes loose on the shaft. 　The high elasticity of the steel head is important in energy transfer, especially when used in conjunction with an equally elastic anvil. 　In terms of human physiology, many uses of the hammer involve coordinated ballistic movements under intense muscular forces which must be planned in advance at the neuromuscular level, as they occur too rapidly for conscious adjustment in flight. 　For this reason, accurate striking at speed requires more practice than a tapping movement to the same target area. 　It has been suggested that the cognitive demands for pre-planning, sequencing and accurate timing associated with the related ballistic movements of throwing, clubbing, and hammering precipitated aspects of brain evolution in early hominids.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>hammer</b> | 'hæmә | n. the part of a gunlock that strikes the percussion cap when the trigger is pulled<br>n. a hand tool with a heavy rigid head and a handle; used to deliver an impulsive force by striking<br>n. a heavy metal sphere attached to a flexible wire; used in the hammer throw<br>n. a striker that is covered in felt and that causes the piano strings to vibrate | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hammer>n. 锤, 铁锤, 钉锤<br>vt. 锤打, 敲打, 钉<br>vi. 连续锤打<br>[计] 锤头</a> |  |  | 4.98
<b>weighted</b> | 'weitid | s. adjusted to reflect value or proportion | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/weighted>a. 偏向的, 偏重的, 有利的<br>[计] 加权的</a> |  | weight | 4.92
<b>swung</b> | swʌŋ | v move in a curve or arc, usually with the intent of hitting<br>v move or walk in a swinging or swaying manner<br>v change direction with a swinging motion; turn<br>v influence decisively<br>v make a big sweeping gesture or movement<br>v hang freely<br>v hit or aim at with a sweeping arm movement<br>v alternate dramatically between high and low values<br>v live in a lively, modern, and relaxed style<br>v have a certain musical rhythm<br>v be a social swinger; socialize a lot<br>v play with a subtle and intuitively felt sense of rhythm<br>v engage freely in promiscuous sex, often with the husband or wife of one's friends | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swung>swing的过去式和过去分词</a> |  | swing | 4.88
</font>
<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Insight>Insight</a> 
<font size=3>
Insight is the understanding of a specific cause and effect within a particular context. 　The term insight can have several related meanings: a piece of information the act or result of understanding the inner nature of things or of seeing intuitively (called noesis in Greek) an introspection the power of acute observation and deduction, discernment, and perception, called intellection or noesis An understanding of cause and effect based on the identification of relationships and behaviors within a model, context, or scenario (see artificial intelligence) An insight that manifests itself suddenly, such as understanding how to solve a difficult problem, is sometimes called by the German word Aha-Erlebnis. 　The term was coined by the German psychologist and theoretical linguist Karl Bühler. 　It is also known as an epiphany, eureka moment or (for cross word solvers) the penny dropping moment (PDM). 　Sudden sickening realisations often identify a problem rather than solving it, so Uh-oh rather than Aha moments are further seen in negative insight. 　A further example of negative insight is chagrin which is annoyance at the obviousness of a solution missed up until the point of insight, an example of this being the Homer Simpson's catchphrase exclamation, D'oh!　.
</font>

<br>



## <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Surgeon>Surgeon</a> 
<font size=3>
In modern medicine, a surgeon is a medical professional who performs surgery. 　Although there are different traditions in different times and places, a modern surgeon usually is also a licensed physician or received the same medical training as physicians before specializing in surgery. 　There are also surgeons in podiatry, dentistry, and veterinary medicine. 　It is estimated that surgeons perform over 300 million surgical procedures globally each year.
</font>

word | phonetic | definition | translation | root | lemma | degre
---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
<font size=2>
<b>surgeon</b> | 'sә:dʒәn | n. a physician who specializes in surgery | <a href=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/surgeon>n. 外科医生, 军医, 船医<br>[医] 外科医师</a> |  |  | 4.98
</font>
<br>



